


My beloved redsox will of course win their division.. 5 games is still
good for me and will always stay right around there since the Yankees
arent good enough to stay consistent for long without dropping a few
losses.  The Redsox will have the best pitching when playoff time is
near and our bats will come together as one and we will win it all.

Then my Patriots will be led by the greatest qb of our time, Tom
Brady. He will throw at least 45 TDs this year and be the league MVP.
He will also throw for close to 5,000 yds. Randy Moss will be our main
man and he will have himself a season where he catches at least 15 TDs
and has about 90 catches during the season. Our running game will be
unstoppable once our great draft pick Maroney is fully healthy, He
shall show everyone he is the future of the NFL when he rushes for
about 1300 yds and maybe 8 - 10 tds.  We also have quite possibly the
best defense in the AFC and it will be lights out for everyone who
goes up against them.  This team is going 15-1 maybe 14- 2.. I wont
say undefeated because it's a tough thing to do.  I believe we will
meet the st louis rams in the super bowl for a rematch of our 2001
fiesta.

Then there are my Celtics. Usually bad. Owned by Indiana in the
playoffs over the years and just pathetic to watch.  Now they got
Garnett and Ray Allen to compliment Pierce so all looks well. We may
even get Reggie Miller for a part time role. I think this team will be
winning a championship.
