


hi, it's new topix.

Toulouse 0-1 Liverpool
Birmingham 2-2 Sunderland

oh :) Liverpool win!!

hey Christiano Ronaldo is really nice & hot.... ;)
(but no more red...) he he

-- * -- * -- * -- * -- * -- * -- * -- * -- * -- * --

Santa Cruz marked his birthday with Blackburn's opener

MyPa 0-1 Blackburn

Blackburn put one foot into the first round proper of the Uefa Cup
with a comfortable second qualifying round, first-leg win over MyPa in
Finland.
Roque Santa Cruz celebrated his birthday and his first Rovers start
with a well-taken goal.

Despite controlling the game, Blackburn rarely threatened to extend
their lead to make their second-leg task easier.

Blackburn keeper Brad Friedel was never extended, with Christopher
Samba and Ryan Nelsen solid in front of him.

Santa Cruz got Blackburn off to a dream start with a goal just six
minutes into his first Rovers' start.

Rovers had already served notice with less than five minutes on the
clock, with Morten Gamst Pedersen firing a free-kick straight at
keeper Janne Korhnonen, and Jason Roberts beating the offside trap to
draw another save from the keeper.

Blackburn took the lead when Roberts slipped a cute pass through the
MyPa back line for Santa Cruz to control and fire left-footed across
Korhonen and inside the far post.

Blackburn were so far ahead of the Finnish outfit in terms of
technique and tactical nous that the early exchanges were little more
than a practice match in MyPa's bucolic little ground which resembled
most Premier League clubs' training facilities.

Santa Cruz was picked out by a Stephen Warnock cross, only to plant
his header straight at Korhnonen and Rovers' chief concerns were their
failure to add to their total and the prospect of complacency letting
MyPa in.

It took the home side 23 minutes to muster their first effort of note,
with Mikko Hyyrynan's shot deflecting wide for a corner which was
easily cleared.

There was plenty of work for Korhonen, but he proved more than
capable, saving well as David Bentley and Warnock fired in long-range
shots.

Blackburn had to endure something resembling a spell of pressure
straight after the restart, with MyPa forcing a series of corners,
although at no time was Friedel in the Rovers' goal required to make
any sort of save.

The 3,000 crowd even took time out from fending off mosquitoes to get
behind their team as MyPa grew in confidence, and Christopher Samba
was forced into a last-ditch tackle to deny Eero Peltonen a shot at
goal.

Blackburn needed the cushion of a second goal to settle any nerves,
and twice MyPa almost coughed one up free of charge.

First, Toni Huttunen chested the ball past Korhonen but was relieved
as it bobbled wide of the goal, and then Tuomas Kansikas sliced a
Bentley cross over his own bar.

Substitutes Brett Emerton and Matt Derbyshire almost combined for a
second, with Korhonen parrying the Australian's shot and Derbyshire's
follow-up scrambled off the line.

___________________________________________________________________________
infromation & pic : Santa Cruz marked his birthday with Blackburn's opener.
( http://news.bbc.co.uk/sport1/hi/football/europe/6941960.stm )

*Le Mans top as Marseille struggle Â Wednesday 15 August 2007

Le Mans UC 72 kept up their 100 per cent start to the Ligue 1 season
as they defeated FC Girondins de Bordeaux on a day which saw Olympique
de Marseille beaten at Valenciennes FC and Paris Saint-Germain FC's
poor start continue.

Perfect record
Le Mans are the only club in France to have won their opening three
league games, their latest three points coming in the form of a 2-1
victory at the home of previously unbeaten Bordeaux. They had to come
from behind to get them too as goals by Tulio De Melo and Grafite
cancelled out David Bellion's first-half opener for Bordeaux, who had
goalkeeper and captain Ulrich Rame dismissed on 23 minutes. AS
Nancy-Lorraine, with two wins out of two, did not play tonight.

Marseille woe
UEFA Champions League hopefuls Marseille are still looking for their
first win after falling 2-1 to Valenciennes, while PSG's first goal of
the campaign was not enough to prevent a 3-1 home rloss to an FC
Lorient team with seven points from three games. Elsewhere, AS Monaco
FC were 2-0 winners against point-less FC Metz, a position which AJ
Auxerre also still find themselves in following their 3-0 defeat at RC
Strasbourg. The other game played saw a fourth-minute Petter Hansson
goal prove enough for UEFA Cup challengers Stade Rennais FC to beat AS
Saint-Etienne 1-0.

_________________________________________________________________
http://www.uefa.com/footballeurope/news/kind=2/newsid=571521.html

:D

-- photos --

*Wednesday's football photos
http://news.bbc.co.uk/sport1/hi/football/eng_prem/6948064.stm
*Champions League photos
http://news.bbc.co.uk/sport1/hi/football/europe/6946952.stm

Thanx!

Cindy

--
"about:WEB, about:ART, about:SkinnyPuppy, about:FooTBaLL!"
ya, i'm really enchant with THEM.
hey have a conversation with me :)) if U like.
+--------------------------------------------------+
http://groups.google.co.jp/group/splvsxx *misc writings.
splvsxx@googlegroups.com *an open to the public note.
spl ... @gmail.com *a private note.

ciao.

santacruz.jpg
9K Download
christiano_ronaldo_n_scholes.jpg
27K Download
toulouse0-1liverpool.jpg
39K Download
birmingham2-2sunderland.jpg
64K Download
