 
  eng-NG-31-108576-8113058  
  USENET TEXT  
  2007-08-17T20:58:00  
 
 
Who Killed JFK? Now You Know .................
 
 
 
  Ed Conrad <edcon...@verizon.net>  
  2007-08-17T20:58:00  
http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=-5770984395481454022&q;=jfk+as
 
 
  chuck schuyler <chu...@am-mtg.com>  
  2007-08-17T22:24:00  
On Aug 17, 7:58 pm, Ed Conrad <edcon ... @verizon.net> wrote:

 

We're all guilty, Ed. We all collectively share blame for the Death of
Idealism that day in November.

Since that afternoon, America has become Amerikkka, and a New World Order
has quietly infiltrated our institutions and is inexorably moving us
toward the fascist state the Bushitler regime has secretly envisioned.

In 1964, the fix was in on the Kennedy assassination. Led by secret
conservative Earl Warren, witness testimony was altered, dissenting
viewpoints surpressed, and a sanitized, superficial investigation was
performed to satisfy the masses. It wasn't long before mysterious deaths,
involving individuals with all sorts of connections to the assassination,
began to quietly be reported from Texas and around the world. Dorothy
Kilgallen, Lee Bowers, Roger Craig...the list is long and shocking.
Amerikkkan Death Squads began their efficient and ruthless campaign to
liquidate those that threatened the New World Order power holders. The
taste of blood fresh on their lips, these operatives continued to hone
their skills in the jungles of Vietnam- the war promised to the
military/indusrtial complex with the elimination of the one pacifist that
opposed widening the war, JFK- under Operation Phoenix.

The death squads continue their work today. Jerry Ford was once the FBI's
mole on the Warren Commission. It is reported that Ford, his heart heavy
with guilt as part of the cover-up and the Presidency promised to him by
the New World Order power elite, was ready to offer new details about that
terrible day in Dallas when he recently died- under suspicious
circumstances. It's obvious that Bushitler couldn't afford a loose cannon
like Ford, who'd been critical of the criminal Iraq adventure, to spill
the beans on the 20th century's greatest mystery.

We see the death squads in action today. Abu Graib, Guantanamo Bay. Waco.
Oklahoma City. "Air raiding" villages in Afghanistan, as Barak Obama said
yesterday. Chem-trails. (Google Chem-trails...you'll be amazed at what is
going on in the skies above your city.)

9/11/01.

Yep, folks, there is a link between 9/11/01 and the JFK assassination. As
soon as I have enough time to research it as heavily as the stuff I've
worked on above, I'll publish it at alt.assassination.jfk.

Keep working on the truth, Ed Conrad.
 
 
  lorad...@cs.com  
  2007-08-18T13:22:00  
On Aug 17, 7:24 pm, chuck schuyler <chu ... @am-mtg.com> wrote:

 

WE are not guilty of those things.
OTHER PEOPLE are guilty of those things.

OTHER PEOPLE need to be brought to justice... by US.
 
 
 
 
