 
  eng-NG-31-107919-8917186  
  USENET TEXT  
  2007-10-19T13:28:00  
 
 
ATLANTIC: Cameron to Sierra Sierra for '08
 
 
 
  forty <cfort...@SPAMgmail.com>  
  2007-10-19T13:28:00  
Impressive Star Mazda Champ is coming to Atlantics

http://www.speedtv.com/articles/auto/champcar/41079/

Dane Cameron, winner of the 2007 Star Mazda Championship presented by
Goodyear and a former Team USA Scholarship winner, has signed to race
for the championship-winning Sierra Sierra/ProWorks team in the 2008
Cooper Tires Presents the Champ Car Atlantic Championship Powered by Mazda.

Cameron, who turns 19 on Oct. 18, had already secured a Mazda-sponsored
full-season drive in Champ Car Atlantic as part of his prize fund for
winning the Star Mazda crown.

Cameron has already undergone a seat fitting at the Sierra Sierra race
shop in Minden, Nev., and will begin testing with his new team next
week, following this weekend’s Round 12 season finale of the 2007 Star
Mazda Championship at the American Le Mans Series’ Monterey Sports Car
Championships at Mazda Raceway Laguna Seca on October 20.

“Nothing I’ve ever done in racing has felt as fast as what’s happened in
the last two weeks since I won the Star Mazda championship,” says the
native of Sonoma, California. “I’m honored, and relieved, to be the next
graduate of the Mazda Motorsports Ladder and delighted to be racing for
a championship-caliber team like Sierra Sierra next year. I’d like to
thank my Star Mazda team, JDC Motorsports for taking a chance on me and
delivering a championship season. Also Rob Finlay, Peggy Haas and Jackie
Doty, and, of course, my father, Rick Cameron, who also engineers my
cars. There may be only one person in the car, but racing is a team
sport and a lot of people helped me get where I am today.”

Cameron is the latest graduate of the unique Mazda Motorsports Ladder
program, the only manufacturer-supported driver development program
reaching all the way from karting to Champ Car. Raphael Matos, the 2005
Star Mazda champion also chose Sierra Sierra/ProWorks as his next step
up the ladder and won the 2007 Champ Car Atlantic championship. Matos
will graduate to the ranks of the Champ Car World Series in 2008. 2006
Star Mazda champion Adrian Carrio just completed his first season in the
Atlantic series with Genoa Racing.

Cameron’s Star Mazda Championship season has, so far, included three
race wins, five pole positions, four podium and two top-4 finishes. He
only finished out of the top-4 twice during the first eleven races, and
clinched the championship on October 5 during the ALMS Petit Le Mans
weekend at Road Atlanta.

--
forty

"To embrace an extreme, one must first let go of reason."
 
 
 
 
