 
  eng-NG-31-127447-9223825  
  USENET TEXT  
  2007-11-24T18:05:00  
 
 
Kilkenny psychiatrist charged with daughter's murder
 
 
 
  Nina.Reye...@yahoo.com  
  2007-11-24T18:05:00  
Kilkenny psychiatrist charged with daughter's murder

A Kilkenny woman (47) has been charged with the murder of her daughter
in November last year.

Dr Lynn Hutchinson, a psychiatrist from Killure, Gowran, Co Kilkenny,
was charged with murdering Ciara (16) at DÃºn Laoghaire District Court
this morning.

The daughter was found on the morning of Sunday, November 26th, in the
bath at her home near Goresbridge, Co Kilkenny.

Her mother was found in "a collapsed state" and taken to St Luke's
Hospital in Kilkenny and was then transferred to St Patrick's Hospital
in Dublin.
 
 
  Panga <Pa...@invalid.host>  
  2007-11-24T18:13:00  
On Sat, 24 Nov 2007 15:05:06 -0800 (PST).
Nina.Reye ... @yahoo.com Wrote:

 

SCN SEX ASSAULT NIGHTMARE * NYPost * 10/2/05
Scientology

Subject: SCN SEX ASSAULT NIGHTMARE * NYPost * 10/2/05

http://www.nypost.com/news/nationalnews/54587.htm

SCIENTOLOGY SEX ASSAULT NIGHTMARE

By PHILIP RECCHIAA
-----

October 2, 2005 -- A FORMER Scientology staffer is breaking her silence
about being sexually assaulted 100 times at ages 16 and 17 by the church
supervisor she was "ordered" to live with, and then receiving threats and
intimidating phone calls when she reported the abuse. Five years ago,
Gabriel Williams, then a 27-year-old chief supervisor at the Church of
Scientology in Mountain View, Calif., forced then-16-year-old Jennifer
Stewart to have intercourse with him on the first evening she moved in,
according to her statements in court records.

After Williams was charged with rape and sodomy with a minor - and later
convicted of sexual battery and sodomy - Stewart's family endured death
threats, stalkers and other harassment.

"We want the world to know that when Tom Cruise calls psychiatry a
'pseudoscience,' it's all part of Scientology's plan to brainwash
people," said Stewart's husband, Tom Gorman, referring to the actor's
"Today" show interview in June.

Stewart believed that if she went to the police, she would not be able to
avoid being sent to a psychiatrist. According to Scientology, psychiatry
is a source of evil. Members who see "psychs" or take psychiatric drugs
will be declared "SP" - "suppressive person" - and can't achieve
spiritual freedom.

In a related civil suit brought by Stewart against Williams and the
church, she recently received as part of the settlement a "generous
monetary resolution," said her attorney. Although the church admitted no
wrongdoing, it forked over about $700,000, sources say.

Stewart's ordeal began in 2000, when she became a supervisor under
Williams at the church in the San Francisco area, where she and Gorman
were raised as Scientologists. She had come to know Williams as someone
who made "lots of overt sexual comments" about women, she says.

Still, she was told by a senior church staffer that the church had
"ordered her" to work from 9 a.m. to 9 p.m. and to live with Williams and
his fianc=E9e at their San Jose flat, which was closer to the church than
her home, making carpooling easier, she says.

"At the time, Williams was a highly regarded member of the church, so the
arrangement seemed safe," said her father, Michael Stewart. According to
court documents, the church said it "refutes any 'order' by management
instructing the victim to stay with" Williams.

After Williams assaulted Stewart the first night, he did so again the
next, telling her, "I'll kill you if you say anything," according to the
police report.

"Williams told me everything that was happening was my fault because I'd
been evil in a past life," said Stewart. "If I told anyone, I'd be sent
to a psych and be taken away from my family."

Only after Gorman became suspicious of bruises on Stewart's body in May
2001 did she admit what Williams had been doing, he said.

THE next day, Gorman and Stewart told Stewart's father. Michael Stewart
took his family out of the church and hid his daughter. A few days later,
he told church authorities what Williams had done.

"A deputy special affairs officer told me not to go to the police," said
the elder Stewart. "If we did, we'd lose Jennifer to child services."

"The church had no knowledge of the relationship between Williams and
Stewart, and upon learning of the allegations and determining that Gabe
and Jennifer were indeed having a relationship, Gabe was immediately
fired," said Jeff Quiros, president of the Church of Scientology San
Francisco.

Quiros sent The Post several testimonials from acquaintances and
colleagues of Stewart and Gorman, which he said would have been entered
as evidence in the criminal proceedings had Williams not struck a plea
deal that settled the case without trial.

Elliot Abelson, an attorney for Quiros' church, emphasized that the
church never knew about Williams' behavior, that Williams was fired
within a day of them finding out about the allegations, and that there
have been no other such cases within the church.

Michael Stewart finally went to the cops on his daughter's 18th birthday,
when the fear of losing her to the state no longer loomed.

More than a year after his last assault on Stewart, Williams was arrested
in Florida in 2002 by a San Jose detective, according to the DA in the
case.

While Williams was waiting for his criminal case to be heard, Stewart,
who married Gorman in 2002 and now lives with his family in San
Francisco, filed a civil suit against him and the church.

That was when the threats began, they say. On one occasion, a man phoned
Gorman's father and said, "SPs don't live long. Your son and his wife,
Jennifer, will be dead soon," according to a police report.

"Who else would use the term 'SP'?" said the younger Gorman. Such
incidents continued up until three months ago, he says.

After doing about eight months in jail, Williams was released last year.
Now on probation, he lives in Clearlake Oaks, Calif., with his wife and
two kids.

"I paid my debt to society in this matter, and I was not found liable in
the civil action," Williams said through his attorney.

And Tony Strawn:

A Scientologist by the name of Donald Anthony Strawn, also known as Tony
Strawn, was convicted in 1995 to thirty years in prison for sexually
molesting two girls, ages 11 and 13. The children were in his custodial
care at the time.

More: http://www.shipbrook.com/jeff/CoS/strawn/
 
 
  Chip Gallo <cga...@nospamcitlink.net>  
  2007-11-24T18:17:00  
 

Thanks, Panga. Scientology orgs protecting sexual predators, it's worse
than you think!

Chip Gallo
Knowing How to Know is Knowing Where to Go:

http://xenutv.wordpress.com/2007/05/11/scientologylosing-it/
http://groups.myspace.com/scngoodbadugly
http://theunfunnytruth.ytmnd.com/
http://www.truthaboutscientology.com/
http://www.rollingstone.com/news/story/9363363/inside_scientology
http://www.xenu.net/
http://www.xenuTV.com
http://www.lermanet.com
http://www.lisamcpherson.org/
http://whyaretheydead.net/
http://alley.ethercat.com/cgi-bin/door/door.cgi?8
http://www-2.cs.cmu.edu/~dst/Secrets/index.html
http://www.torymagoo.org/
 
 
 
 
