 
  eng-NG-31-140121-9870632  
  USENET TEXT  
  2007-10-12T12:08:00  
 
 
Week Five Review / Week Six Preview - RJ's Famous NFL Picks
 
 
 
  RJ <johnkerryisadouche...@gmail.com>  
  2007-10-12T12:08:00  
Tennessee (3-1) at Tampa Bay (3-2) - 1:00 pm (Sheridan's Line:
Buccaneers by 3)

The Titans beat Atlanta last week. They've allowed just 59 points in
four games, or 14.75 per game. But QB Vince Young is having an "I-
scored-a-six-on-the-Wonderlic" kind of season so far, with just 3 TDs,
5 INTs, and a 67.2 quarterback rating (I mean, like all decent human
beings, I feel a deep and abiding hatred towards Merril Hoge. But when
a man's right, he's right). Tampa Bay got shredded by the Colts last
week. RB Michael Pittman was injured in that game, and is likely to be
out for at least six weeks. Unfortunately for the Bucs, I don't
believe Earnest Graham is going to be an adequate replacement for
Pittman. So it looks like Tampa Bay will be relying increasingly on
the arm of the ageless Jeff Garcia. He's been superb so far, with 4
TDs, 0 INTs, and a 103.6 quarterback rating. I'll go with the
Buccaneers in a low-scoring affair.

RJ's Pick - TAMPA BAY BY 6

Washington (3-1) at Green Bay (4-1) - 1:00 pm (Sheridan's Line:
Packers by 3)

The Redskins thrashed the Lions last week, 34-3. QB Jason Campbell got
to feel what it's like to be Peyton Manning for a day, playing against
an awful Lions defense. Washington has given up the fewest points in
the NFC. If not for a second-half collapse against the Giants in Week
Three, they'd be undefeated right now. The Packers suffered their
first loss of the season last week against Chicago. But you can pretty
much expect to lose when you commit five turnovers and are penalized
12 times for 93 yards. They have the second-highest scoring offense in
the NFC. This should be a good, close game.

RJ's Pick - GREEN BAY BY 1

http://blogcritics.org/archives/2007/10/11/151433.php
 
 
 
 
