 
  eng-NG-31-142268-8693852  
  USENET TEXT  
  2007-09-13T08:58:00  
 
 
Vacate the void judgment against Al Clark
 
 
 
  "Bob Hurt" <b...@bobhurt.com>  
  2007-09-13T08:58:00  
We were to attend a status conference for the case of the DOJ against Al
Clark in Tampa’s US District Court this morning, but Judge Lazzara’s J.A.
called Al and canceled it.  Why?  The judge granted a DOJ motion for summary
judgment, without a hearing of any kind.

In my opinion, the judgment against Al has a void nature – no witnesses, no
verified authenticated evidence, no proof of claim, and a bunch of other
reasons. Should be attacked RIGHT NOW.  Criminal complaint would make sense.

Truly and sincerely,

Bob Hurt, All Rights Reserved (UCC 1-308)

2460 Persian Drive #70 * Clearwater, Florida 33763 * USA

+1 (727) 657-3754 * FAX +1 (206) 222-2012

Please donate to my Law Studies Scholarship Fund:

< http://bobhurt.com/lawdonation.htm > http://bobhurt.com/lawdonation.htm

Join my Law List:     Lawmen-subscribe@googlegroups.com

Read the Archives: http://groups.google.com/group/Lawmen

Visit my Web Site: http://bobhurt.com < http://bobhurt.com/ >

Visit my Blog: http://bobhurt.blogspot.com
< http://bobhurt.blogspot.com/ >

Learn to Litigate:     Jurisdictionary®
< http://www.jurisdictionary.com/index.asp?refercode=HB0002 >

http://www.jurisdictionary.com/index.asp?refercode=HB0002

I am no attorney.  I do not practice law or give legal advice.

A brief overview of the law of voids in Florida

Objections to a void judgment can be raised at any time. The final judgment
entered upon default in this case awarding un-liquidated damages without
affording the defaulting party notice and opportunity to be heard is a void
judgment. Under the specific provisions of rule 1.540(b) R.C.P., a motion to
set aside a final judgment bottomed upon the reason that the judgment is
void is not subject to the one-year limitation but must be brought within a
reasonable time. We glean from the record that defendant's motion to set
aside default and final judgment was filed when knowledge first came to the
defendant that the plaintiff was seeking satisfaction of the final judgment.
Such, in our opinion, is within the reasonable time requirement of the rule.
Osceola, 238 So. 2d at 480 (emphasis in original). While it is true that
Rule 1.540(b)(4) states that a motion for relief from a void judgment must
be made within a "reasonable time," most courts have felt constrained to
interpret the "reasonable time" requirement of the rule to mean no time
limit when the judgment attacked is void. Assuming that a judgment is null
and void for lack of jurisdiction does a Rule 1.540(b) motion for relief not
brought within a reasonable time have the effect of making a void judgment
valid? The answer is "no." Florida Rule of Civil Procedure 1.540 was
acknowledged by its drafters to be substantially the same as Federal Rule
60. Like a Rule 1.540 motion, a federal motion for relief from a void
judgment must be made within a "reasonable time." However, federal courts
have reasoned that since a void federal judgment can be collaterally
attacked at any time and because the judgment sustaining the collateral
attack would have to be given effect in a subsequent motion for relief to
set aside the void judgment, the "reasonable time" limitation must generally
mean no time limitation, although there may be exceptional circumstances
where the reasonable time limitation would require diligence on the part of
the movant. See 7 Moore's Federal Practice, ¶ 60.25[4] (2d Ed.1983). Whigham
v. Whigham, 464 So. 2d 674, 676 (Fla. 5th DCA 1985). See also Del Conte
Enters., Inc. v. Thomas Pub. Co., 711 So. 2d 1268 (Fla. 3d DCA 1998);
Falkner, 489 So. 2d at 758. In addition, in DeClaire v. Yohanan, 453 So. 2d
375 (Fla. 1984), the Florida Supreme Court approved a chart which indicates
that there is no time limitation for attacking a void judgment under Rule
1.540(b). As we did in Kennedy v. Richmond, we once again affirm that we
agree with those cases, which, like Whigham and Falkner, hold that a motion
to vacate a void judgment under Rule 1.540 may be made at any time. While
there is language in Polani and Osceola which can be interpreted as holding
that a particular limitation applies to the time in which a motion to vacate
a void judgment must be filed, those cases are, to that extent, inconsistent
with Florida Supreme Court authority: A void judgment is a nullity, . . .
and is subject to collateral attack and may be stricken at any time. The
passage of time cannot make valid that which has always been void but it can
and often does render valid that which was merely voidable or erroneously
entered. Ramagli Realty Co., 121 So. 2d at 654. Appellee further maintains
that the trial judge's order in the instant case should be affirmed since,
unlike the defendants in cases like Polani and Osceola, Ward did not
promptly file his motion to vacate upon finding out about the judgment, but
instead, waited almost eight months. For all of the reasons previously
discussed, we do not agree that the length of the delay in filing a motion
to vacate after learning of the entry of a void judgment is legally
significant since it is well established that the passage of time cannot
make valid that which has been void from the beginning. See Ramagli Realty
Co. v. Craver. For instance, in Del Conte Enterprises, Inc. v. Thomas
Publishing Co., 711 So. 2d 1268 (Fla. 3d DCA 1998), the defendant filed a
motion to vacate an amended final judgment which was entered against it
although the defendant had not been served with process. Upon learning of
the final judgment, the defendant communicated informally with the plaintiff
in an attempt to have the judgments vacated, but did not file a motion to
vacate the judgment until over one year later. The plaintiff, Thomas
Publishing Company, responded that the defendant had not timely moved to
vacate the judgment. The trial court agreed that the judgment was void, but
denied the motion to vacate because it was not filed within a reasonable
time. The Third District reversed and stated that because the judgment was
entered without service of process and was void, the fact that appellant
moved to vacate the judgment over one year after learning of it was
"irrelevant." Id. at 1269. Accord Greisel v. Gregg, 733 So. 2d 1119, 1121
(Fla. 5th DCA 1999)(reversing order denying motion to vacate void judgment,
despite trial court's finding that six-year delay in filing the motion to
vacate after defendant learned of the judgment was "unconscionable").
Appellant, Del Conte Enterprises, Inc. (the "appellant") appeals the denial
of a motion to vacate an amended consent final judgment entered in favor of
appellee, Thomas Publishing Company ("Thomas Publishing"). We reverse,
because the lack of proper service rendered the judgment void, and relief
from a void judgment can be granted at any time. In the case of East Auto
Supply Co., Inc. v. Anchor Mortgage Servs., Inc., 502 So.2d 976 (Fla. 4th
DCA 1987), our sister court held that since a reinstated corporation is
treated as though it had never been dissolved, service upon a registered
agent of a dissolved corporation is validated when a dissolved corporation
is reinstated. In this case the appellant was not reinstated until after the
void judgment was entered. At least to the extent that the holding in East
Auto can be interpreted to mean that reinstatement after the entry of a void
judgment can validate that judgment we disagree with our sister court. The
judgment was void when entered and the fact that the appellant had to seek
reinstatement in order to file a motion for relief from that judgment did
not breathe life into it. See Gotshall v. Taylor, 196 So.2d 479 (Fla. 4th
DCA), cert. denied, 201 So.2d 558 (Fla. 1967). See also Falkner v.
Amerifirst Fed. Sav. & Loan Ass'n, 489 So.2d 758 (Fla. 3d DCA 1986). The
appropriate procedure for attacking a void judgment is by a motion for
relief from judgment pursuant to Florida Rule of Civil Procedure 1.540(b).
Tucker, 389 So.2d at 684. Failure to allege such jurisdictional facts is
generally fatal. Service is void, and any judgment obtained is void.
Hargrave v. Hargrave, 495 So.2d 904 (Fla. 1st DCA 1986); Laney v. Laney, 487
So.2d 1109 (Fla. 1st DCA 1986); Mouzon v. Mouzon, 458 So.2d 381 (Fla. 5th
DCA 1984). Cf. Kimbrough v. Rowe, 479 So.2d 867 (Fla. 5th DCA 1985). A void
judgment obtained without personal jurisdiction or subject matter
jurisdiction may be set aside at any time. See Palmer v. Palmer, 479 So.2d
221 (Fla. 5th DCA 1985). A judgment entered without notice to a party is
void. Falkner v. Amerifirst Fed. Sav. & Loan Ass'n, 489 So.2d 758 (Fla. 3d
DCA 1986); cf. Grahn v. Dade Home Serv., Inc., 277 So.2d 544 (Fla. 3d DCA
1973) (where plaintiffs' failure to timely comply with trial court's order
resulted in the dismissal of the complaint and entry of judgment against
plaintiffs, the dismissal was reversed because the record failed to show
that plaintiffs received notice of order); McAlice v. Kirsch, 368 So.2d 401
(Fla. 3d DCA 1979) (default judgment was void for failure to give notice to
defendant even though defendant received original complaint which did not
name him and summons which was not addressed to him). See generally DeClaire
v. Yohanan, 453 So.2d 375 (Fla. 1984) (general discussion of the origin,
purpose and application of Fla. R. Civ. P. 1.540(b)). Since the trial court
specifically found that Shields had not received notice of the trial, the
judgment was void. Because relief from a void judgment any be granted at any
time, Falkner, 489 So.2d at 759, the trial court erred in denying Shields's
motion as untimely. Consequently, the void judgment should be vacated. Where
a judgment is vacated or set aside, it is as though no judgment had ever
been entered. 49 C.J.S. Judgments § 306 (1977). Florida Rule of Civil
Procedure 1.540 states that all motions for relief from judgment must be
filed within a reasonable time and in some situations not more than one year
after the judgment was entered. However, if a judgment or decree is void or
it is not longer equitable that the judgment or decree should have
prospective application, the one year limitation does not apply. This court
and other Florida courts, both before and after the adoption of Florida Rule
of Civil Procedure 1.540(b), have stated that a void judgment may be
attacked "at any time" because a void judgment creates no binding obligation
upon the parties, is legally ineffective, and is a nullity. See Watkins v.
Johnson, 139 Fla. 712, 191 So. 2 (1939); Malone v. Meres, 91 Fla. 709, 109
So. 677 (1926); Whigham v. Whigham, 464 So.2d 674, 10 FLW 624 (Fla. 5th DCA
Mar. 7, 1985); Florida Power & Light Co. v. Canal Authority, 423 So.2d 421
(Fla. 5th DCA 1982); Tucker v. Dianne Elect., Inc., 389 So.2d 683 (Fla. 5th
DCA 1980); T.J.K. v. N.B., 237 So.2d 592 (Fla. 4th DCA 1970). See also
DeClaire v. Yohanan, 453 So.2d 375 (Fla. 1984) (where judgment is void,
there is no time limitation under Rule 1.540(b)). Assuming that a judgment
is null and void for lack of jurisdiction does a Rule 1.540(b) motion for
relief not brought within a reasonable time have the effect of making a void
judgment valid? The answer is "no." Florida Rule of Civil Procedure 1.540
was acknowledged by its drafters to be substantially the same as Federal
Rule 60. Like a Rule 1.540 motion, a federal motion for relief from a void
judgment must be made within a "reasonable time." However, federal courts
have reasoned that since a void federal judgment can be collaterally
attacked at any time and because the judgment sustaining the collateral
attack would have to be given effect in a subsequent motion for relief to
set aside the void judgment, the "reasonable time" limitation must generally
mean no time limitation, although there may be exceptional circumstances
where the reasonable time limitation would require diligence on the part of
the movant. See 7 Moore's Federal Practice, P60.25[4] (2d Ed. 1983). "A void
judgment or decree is not entitled to the respect of a valid adjudication,
and may be declared inoperative by any tribunal in which effect is sought to
be given it. "A void adjudication has no legal or binding effect; it does
not impair, or create, rights; it is not entitled to enforcement, and is
ordinarily no protection to those who seek to enforce it. All proceedings
founded on such an adjudication are regarded as invalid, for a void judgment
or decree is regarded as a nullity, as mere waste paper. The situation is
the same as if there had been no adjudication." Where such judgments or
decrees rendered in this State against married women are void (as is the
personal judgment in this case rendered on mere promissory notes for
borrowed money) and the money so borrowed is not shown to have been used so
as to charge the separate property of the married woman in this State, under
the substantive law provisions of Section 1 and 2 of Article XI of the
Florida Constitution, such a void judgment in so far as it was rendered
against the married woman and is predicated upon promissory notes executed
by her while a married woman and not a free dealer under the laws of this
State, may be quashed at any time by the court rendering the decree or
judgment. Such notes being void as a personal obligation of the married
woman, her failure to defend against the notes does not give validity to the
judgment against her on promissory notes that are void as a personal
liability against her, when such notes were not shown to have been executed
for any of the substantive law purposes named in Sections 1 and 2 of Article
XI, Constitution, and she was not a free dealer under the laws of Florida
when the notes were executed. The judgment as against the married woman
being void when rendered, may be quashed as to her, at her instance when she
becomes a widow. A grantee of land from one having outstanding against her a
void judgment, may maintain a bill in equity to cancel a void judgment as a
cloud upon its title to the land. Where such a bill in equity may be
maintained by the grantee of land, a counter claim by the grantor to have
the void judgment set aside, may likewise be maintained, particularly under
circumstances such as exist in this case. PROTECTIVE HOLDING CORPORATION v.
CORNWALL COMPANY (10/30/36). 173 So. 804, 127 Fla. 252.

MANDATORY JUDICIAL NOTICE UNDER FRCivP Rule 201(d):

I. SCOPE OF RULES--ONE FORM OF ACTION

*       1. Scope of Rules < http://www.law.cornell.edu/rules/frcp/Rule1.htm >
[Federal Rules of Civil Procedure]

These rules govern the procedure in the United States district courts in all
suits of a civil nature whether cognizable as cases at law or in equity or
in admiralty, with the exceptions stated in Rule 81. They shall be construed
and administered to secure the just, speedy, and inexpensive determination
of every action.

It is contrary to spirit of these rules for decisions on merits to be
avoided on basis of mere technicalities.  Forman v. Davis, Mass.19632, 83
S.Ct. 227, 371 U.S. 178m 9 K,Ed2d 222, on remand 316 F.2d 254.

Court and litigants must follow these rules in same manner as they must
obey a statute.  Beasley v. U.S., D.C.S.C.1948, 81, F.Supp. 518

Rules promulgated by the Supreme court have the force of law, unless in
contravention of federal statutes.  Kuenzel v. Universal Corloading &
Distributing Co., D.C.Pa. 1939, 29 F.Supp. 407.

These rules [F.R.Civ.P.] have the same effect as a statute and are as
binding upon the court as upon counsel.  Barrezueta v. Sword S.S.  Line,
D.C.N.Y.1939, 27 F.Supp. 935.

These rules have the force of law Kowalewski v. Pennsylvania R. Co.
D.C.Del. 1957, 21 F.R.D. 244.

These rules have the same force and effect as statutory enactments of
Congress.  U.S. v. Brandt, D.C.Mont. 1948, 8 F.R.D. 163.  See, also, John R.
Alley & Co. v. Federal Nat. Bank of Shawnee, Shawnee county, Okl., C.C.A.
Okl. 1942, 124 F.2d 995; Winkelman v. General Motors corporation, D.C.N.Y.
1942, 48 F. Supp. 504, affirmed 136 F.2d 905.

The congressional authority given Supreme Court to adopt these rules
was limited to matters of procedure, and it was expressly provided that
substantive rights should neither be aBridged, enlarged nor modified.  John
R. Alley &  Co. v. Federal Nat. Bank of Shawnee, Shawnee County, Okl.,
C.C.A. Okl. 1942, 124 F.2d 995.

These rules do not create substantive rights.  Synanon Church v. U.S.,
D.C.D.C. 9183, 557 f.Supp. 1329.

Substantive federal rights are grounded in Federal Constitution and
laws enacted by Congress and are not created by these rules or by a mere
pleading of the rules.  Weiner v. Bank of King of Perussia, D.C.Pa. 1973,
358 f.Supp. 684.

Substantive rights remain unaffected by these rules and will be
enforced.  Gillson v. Vendome Petroleum Corporation, D.C.La. 1940, 35 Supp.
815.

The federal courts are open to foreign suitors as to others, and
procedural rules are not to be construed so as to impose conditions on
litigants that in effect amount to a denial of jurisdiction.  Hyam v.
American Export Lines, C.A.N.Y. 1954, 213 F.2d 221.

The spirit of all these rules is to settle controversies upon their
merits rather than to dismiss actions on technical grounds, to permit
amendments liberally, and to avoid if possible depriving a litigant of a
chance to bring his case to trial.  Fierstein v. Piper Aircraft Corp.,
D.C.Pa. 1948, 79 F.Supp. 217.

It is not the province of a District Court to modify, revise or
disregard the plain terms of a rule made for its guidance.  Walling v. West
Virginia Pulp & Paper Co., D.C.S.C. 1942, 2 F.R.D. 416.

These rules have force and effect of statutes, and if there is conflict
between procedure provided in an earlier Act of Congress, and that provided
by rules, the former must yield to the latter; and all laws in conflict with
such rules are of no further force and effect.  American Federation of
Musicians v. Stein, C.A.Tenn. 1954, 213 F.2d 679, certiorari denied 75 S.Ct.
108, 348 U.S. 873, 99 L.Ed. 687.

These rules acquired force of federal statutes controlling all Federal
District Courts after the rules went into effect on September 16, 1938, and
since that date all confliction laws ceased to have further force.  C.J.
Wieland & Son Dairy Products Co. v. Wickard, D.C.Wis. 1945, 4 F.R.D. 250.

These rules and not state law, govern purely procedural matters in diversity
cases tried in federal court.  Brookshire v. Pennsylvania R. Co. D.C.Ohio
1953, 14 F.R.D. 154.

These rules neither enlarge nor aBridge rights granted by Constitution.
Kennedy v. Rubin, D.C.Ill. 1966, 254 F. Supp. 190.

District Courts, in administering these rules, have duty of giving full
expression to clear meaning of words used without one rule nullifying
another.  Westland Oil co. v. Firestone Tire & Rubber Co., D.C.N.D. 1943, 3
F.R.D. 55.

Local rules may be adopted by district court if they are not
inconsistent with federal rules.  Mutual fund Investors, Inc. v. Putnam
Management Co., Inc., C.A.Cal. 1977, 553 F.2d 620.

These rules were intended to be judicial economizers, applied with
equitable considerations and party should not be encouraged to pick and
choose among the rules in such a way as to cause delay and frustration.
Eikel v. States Marine Lines, Inc., C.A.Tex. 1973, 473 F.2d 959, rehearing
denied 475 F.2d 1404.

These rules were designed to eliminate the evils of special pleading
and they should not be brought back under the guise of pre-trial.  Padovani
v. Bruchhausen, C.A.N.Y. 1961, 293 F.2d 546.

The purpose of these rules is to afford the litigant a just,
inexpensive and speedy trial of issues.  Runkle v. Nong Kimny, c.A. 1959,
266 F.2d 689, 105 U.S. App.D.C. 285.

Spirit of these rules is that technical requirements are abolished and
that judgments should be founded on facts and not on formalistic defects.
Builders Corp. of America v. U.S., C.A.Cal. 1958, 259 F.2d 766.

These rules were adopted to get away from legal sparring and fencing,
and from surprise moves of litigants.  Meadow Gold Products Co. v. Wright,
1960, 278 F.2d 867, 108 U.S.App.D.C. 33.

The spirit of these rules aims to view matters in their entirety, not
by separate bits, and to put an end to litigation as promptly and completely
as possible.  Commercial Cable Staffs’ Ass’n v. Lehman, C.C.A.N.Y. 1939, 107
F.2d 917.

SECTION ONE: Secrets of the legal industry

We have a two-tiered court system. In our system, we have supreme courts and
courts of inferior jurisdiction. When we were children and learning in
school, we were instructed that there are three branches of government, the
legislative, the executive, and the judicial. What were not told was that
courts of inferior jurisdiction, regardless of their claimed origin such as
The United States Constitution Article Three, Section one,  can not be
presumed to act judicially. Most courts of inferior or limited jurisdiction
have no inherent jurisdictional authority, no inherent judicial power
whatsoever. Courts of limited jurisdiction are empowered by one source:
SUFFICIENCY OF PLEADINGS - meaning one of the parties appearing before the
inferior court must literally give the court its judicial power by
completing jurisdiction. Federal courts are courts of limited jurisdiction,
and may only exercise jurisdiction when specifically authorized to do so. A
party seeking to invoke a federal court's jurisdiction bears the burden of
establishing that such jurisdiction exists. See Scott v. Sandford, 60 U.S.
393 (U.S. 01/02/1856), Security Trust Company v. Black River National Bank
(12/01/02) 187 U.S. 211, 47 L. Ed. 147, 23 S. Ct. 52, McNutt v. General
Motors Acceptance Corp., 298 U.S. 178, 189 (1936), Hague  v. Committee for
Industrial Organization et al. (06/05/39) 307 U.S. 496, 59 S. Ct. 954, 83 L.
Ed. 1423, United States v. New York Tlelphone co. (12/07/77) 434 U.S. 159,
98 S. Ct. 364, 54 L. Ed. 2d 376, Chapman v. Houston Welfare Rights
Organization et al.  (05/14/79) 441 U.S. 600, 99 S. Ct. 1905, 60 L. Ed. 2d
508, Cannon v. University of Chicago et al. (05/14/79) 441 U.S. 677, 99 S.
Ct. 1946, 60 L. Ed. 2d 560, Patsy v. Board of Regents State of Florida
(06/21/82) 457 U.S. 496, 102 S. Ct. 2557, 73 L. Ed. 2d 172, Merrill Lynch v.
Curran et al.. (05/03/82) 456 U.S. 353, 102 S. Ct. 1825, 72 L. Ed. 2d 182,
50 U.S.L.W. 4457,  Insurance Corporation of Ireland v. Compagnie Des
Bauxites de Guinee(06/01/82) 456 U.S. 694, 102 S. Ct. 2099, 72 L. Ed. 2d
492, 50 U.S.L.W. 4553,  Matt T. Kokkonen v. Guardian Life Insurance Company
of America (05/16/94) 128 L. Ed. 2d 391, 62 U.S.L.W. 4313, United States ex
rel. Holmes v. Consumer Ins. Group, 279 F.3d 1245, 1249 (10th Cir. 2002)
citing United States ex rel. Precision Co. v. Koch Industries,  971 F.2d
548, 551 (10th Cir. 1992).  OKLAHOMA MAY SAY IT BEST! = We recognize the
district court, in our unified court system, is a court of general
jurisdiction and is constitutionally endowed with "unlimited original
jurisdiction of all justiciable matters, except as otherwise provided in
this Article,". Article 7, Section 7, Oklahoma Constitution. However, this
"unlimited original jurisdiction of all justiciable matters" can only be
exercised by the district court through the filing of pleadings which are
sufficient to invoke the power of the court to act.  The requirement for a
verified information to confer subject matter jurisdiction on the court and
empower the court to act has been applied to both courts of record and not
of record.  We determine that the mandatory language of 22 O.S. 1981 § 303
[22-303], requiring endorsement by the district attorney or assistant
district attorney and verification of the information is more than merely a
"guaranty of good faith" of the prosecution. It, in fact, is required to
vest the district court with subject matter jurisdiction, which in turn
empowers the court to act. Only by the filing of an  information which
complies with this mandatory statutory requirement can the district court
obtain subject matter jurisdiction in the first instance which then empowers
the court to adjudicate the matters presented to it. We therefore hold that
the judgments and sentences in the District Court of Tulsa County must be
REVERSED AND REMANDED without a bar to further action in the district court
in that the unverified information failed to confer subject matter
jurisdiction on the district court in the first instance, Chandler v. State,
96 Okl.Cr. 344, 255 P.2d 299, 301-2 (1953), Smith v. State, 152 P.2d 279,
281 (Okl.Cr. 1944); City of Tulsa, 554 P.2d at 103; Nickell v. State, 562
P.2d 151 (Okl.Cr. 1977); Short v. State, 634 P.2d 755, 757 (Okl.Cr. 1981);
Byrne v. State, 620 P.2d 1328 (Okl.Cr. 1980); Laughton v. State, 558 P.2d
1171 (Okl.Cr. 1977)., and  Buis v. State, 792 P.2d 427, 1990 OK CR 28
(Okla.Crim.App. 05/14/1990). To invoke the jurisdiction of the court under
the declaratory judgments act there must be an actual, existing justiciable
controversy between parties having opposing interests, which interests must
be direct and substantial, and involve an actual, as distinguished from a
possible, potential or contingent dispute. Gordon v. Followell, 1964 OK 74,
391 P.2d 242. To be "justiciable," the claim must be suitable for judicial
inquiry, which requires determining whether the controversy (a) is definite
and concrete, (b) concerns legal relations among parties with adverse
interests and (c) is real and substantial so as to be capable of a decision
granting or denying specificrelief of a conclusive nature." Dank v. Benson,
2000 OK 40, 5 P.3d 1088, 1091. See also, 12 O.S. §1651. See also, Easterwood
v. Choctaw County District Attorney, 45 P.3d 436, 2002 OK CIV APP 41 (Okla.
App. 01/11/2002)). Another well spoken authority: On the date specified in
the notice of hearing, all parties may appear and be heard on all matters
properly before the court which must be determined prior to the entry of the
order of taking, including the jurisdiction of the court, the sufficiency of
pleadings, whether the petitioner is properly exercising its delegated
authority, and the amount to be deposited for the property sought to be
appropriated. See City of Lakeland v. William  O. Bunch et al.. (04/03/74)
293 So. 2d 66.

I hope by now, everyone understands that a court DOES NOT GET ITS
JURISDICTIONAL AUTHORITY FROM THE FLAG THAT IS POSTED!!!!    Court's of
inferior or limited jurisdiction get their authority from ONE SOURCE AND
ONLY ONE SOURCE = pleadings sufficient to empower the court to act meaning
one of the parties must give the court its power to act by way of written
and oral argument (the parties NOT THEIR ATTORNEYS MUST DO THIS!). The
following are comments by Mark Ferran. Many probably think Mark is a bit too
harsh in his dissertation on the gold-fringed flag. I asked Mark's
permission to reprint the information here and while Mark's tone may be
harsh, I've been at the receiving end of far too many calls from some poor
soul desperately seeking my help in literally the last few hours before
their eviction!

Let me give you some insights into the Gold-Fringed Flag fixation that some
people have.  I attended Law School and did very well as a law-student
(graduated with high honors).  Law students are given lots of law-books to
read, and some of these students actually read those books.  You yourselves
can buy and read these books.   But none of these books include any
discussion of the nature of the Flag types which may exist, nor any Flag
Protocols, symbology, nor anything else about the American Flag except some
cases that deal with First Amendment Rights:  Can students be forced to
salute the Flag in school?  Can people be punished for burning flags, etc.
So, for the most part, the symbology (e.g., gold fringes) on an American
Flag means nothing at all to any Attorney or Judge.

"The nitwits have amongst themselves this strange superstition that the
presence of a gold trim on a courtroom's flag somehow imposes some different
sort of law than what's expected -- although they cannot get their stories
straight on whether it's martial law or maritime law, the two being very
different.  They have absolutely no legal authority for any of this and seem
to be making it up as they go along.  They don't seem to have noticed that
the gold trim appears only on INDOOR flags, which are made of fairly flimsy
material and would hang limp and drab without either breeze or sunlight
indoors, so the gold trim provides some esthetic compensation for the lack
of sunlight and breeze, and that all OUTDOOR flags, even the ones at
military bases and on ships, don't have this fringe, because outdoor flags
are made of heavier fabric and the wind and damp would soon ruin a fringe.
Back in 1925 the US Attorney-General relied on the opinion of the
predecessor to the US Army's Institute of Heraldry that the fringe was not
an addition or alteration of the flag, and therefore not  illegal, and
moreover had no symbolic  meaning.  Currently the Institute of Heraldry and
the non-government Flag Research Center both issue fact sheets debunking
this militia myth about the fringe on the flag.  There apparently has NEVER
been a successful challenge to a court's decision or jurisdiction based on
the absence of a correct flag or the presence of an "incorrect" flag in the
courtroom. }" http://www.adl.org/mwd/sussman.doc

You can change the flag displayed in the Courtroom every five minutes, or
once an hour, all day long.  That won't change the behavior of the Judge,
nor will it affect the finality or gravity of the result of the proceeding.
Nobody on the other side of the "BAR" cares at all what the flag looks like
or whether it has a gold fringe on it.

Noone within the "Law Profession", whose primary interest is extracting
money from the general population, cares anything at all about how the Judge
or the Court room is dressed, except to the extent that appearances make a
good impression on the slobs who are paying attorneys for "Justice."
Whitewashed Tombs are more saleable than tombs appearing in their natural
state of decay and rot and stench.   If any typical attorney ever even
noticed a gold-fringe on a flag in the court room, it would mean nothing
more to him than a suggestion of what he was there For (Money) after all,
and he would wish the fringe was real gold so he could cut a gold tassle or
two off it during an intermission.

Haskins v. Wilbert (D Kan unpub 11/5/97) ("Judge Wilbert's jurisdiction is
in no way predicated on ... the design of the US flag."); US v. Greenstreet
(ND Tex 1996) 912 F.Supp 224 ("decor is not a determinant for
jurisdiction"); Huebner v. State (Tex.App unpub 5/8/97); State v. Martz
(Ohio App unpub 6/9/97); (tried to sue judge for not removing fringed flag
nor installing "a flag that met plaintiffs' specifications"; court imposed
Rule 11 fine of $1000) Wyatt v. Kelly, Chief Bankruptcy Judge (WD Texas
unpub 3/23/98) 44 USPQ2d 1578, 81 AFTR2d 1463, 98 USTC para 50326; (trying
to sue a town official and a judge for "accepting" a fringed US flag
supposedly thereby "suppressing" the perp's rights)  Marion v. Marion
(Conn.Super. unpub 6/18/98) http://www.adl.org/mwd/sussman.doc

The idea that only "IF the fringe is not there you can demand that you be
under Constitutional Law" but that if a fringe is present in the room, you
need not bother to demand respect for y our rights under the Constitution
and the Laws is ABSOLUTELY INSANE AND SELF-DESTRUCTIVE.

Any private citizen who fixates upon the fringes upon the flag in a court
room, or whether the Judge is wearing a whig or not, INSTEAD OF HIS OWN
LEGAL RIGHTS UNDER THE WRITTEN LAWS AND THE CONSTITUTION, is simply a FOOL
who is probably not worthy to live as a free man in a republic in the first
place.  That is certainly the view that many judges and attorneys will take
after being bothered or harassed by the "flag-fringe" maniacs.  Slaves
always aspired to learn to Read so that they might understand and claim the
rights of free men under writen laws, instead of only being able to
recognize only the symbols of the authority of their masters.  Fools who can
read, but who ignore written laws, choosing instead to fixate on symbols,
are practically inviting their own enslavement.  Judges and attorneys
against them will take advantage of their foolish fixations to strip them of
rights and property that they might have held onto if only they had instead
fixated upon the Law, the Facts, and the Merits of their claims or defenses:
In G.D. Fowler v. State (Ark.App 1999), 67 Ark.App 114, 992 SW2d 804, "the
defendant's objection to the fringed flag was emphasized by the prosecution
during cross-examination, and similarly during the cross-examination of the
defendant's fellow militia group members, and on appeal the exploitation of
the defendant's objection to the courtroom flag was held to be so
prejudicial, because it was calculated to arouse the jury's hostility to the
defendant, that the conviction was overturned)
http://www.adl.org/mwd/sussman.doc

Some people truly deserve to be convicted of offenses, or to have their
completely stupid lawsuits thrown out of Courts of Law, and when they are
disposed of in that proper manner, some of those will try to blame the
result on things like the fringes of the flag: ("The complaint will be
dismissed not because this court operates under the regal splendor of a gold
fringed flag but because the complaint is legally absurd.") Ch.H. Cass v.
R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Co (MDNC unpub 10/1/98) 82 AFTR2d 6967

You can heed my warnings ( www.billstclair.com/ferran ), and/or the Warnings
from the Courts themselves, or you can continue to fixate on symbology and
"fringe" ideas.  It won't hurt me immediately if you destroy yourselves, but
the more flag-fixated people you lead to slaughter, the more emboldened the
lawless among our Judges and Prosecutors will become.   So, consider the
impact that your self-destruction will have upon others before you choose
your fixation.

Consider the slaughter that has already happened to flag-fixated fools in
the Courts:

"XIII. The Flag Issue:  A current popular argument is that the gold fringed
flag indicates the admiralty jurisdiction of the court.  Naturally, pro ses
have made this argument and lost:

1. Vella v. McCammon, 671 F.Supp. 1128, 1129 (S.D. Tex. 1987) (the argument
has "no arguable basis in law or fact")
2. Comm. v. Appel, 652 A.2d 341, 343 (Pa.Super. 1994) (the contention is a
"preposterous claim")
3. United States v. Schiefen, 926 F.Supp. 877, 884 (D.S.D. 1995): in this
case, the CFR cross reference index argument, and those regarding the UCC,
common law courts and the flag issue were rejected.
http://freedomlaw.com/dismyths.html

"Judge Wilbert's jurisdiction is in no way predicated on ... the design of
the US flag." Haskins v. Wilbert (D Kan unpub 11/5/97)  See, also:
http://www.adl.org/mwd/sussman.doc

See also: "BRITISH ACCREDITED REGISTRY" at
http://home.hiwaay.net/~becraft/BAR.html

We have a common law court system. There are two basic forms of law in the
world - code law and common law. Code law means that the law as written is
the law. Unfortunately, code has to be continually expanded by legislative
authority. The so-called Internal Revenue Service Code is an attempt to
impose code law over common law - the results are disasters! Common law
means that you can't read any statute, rule, or law for that matter any
constitutional article and tell what it means on its face. A common law
system means that what any statute, rule, law, or constitutional law means
is determined by the highest court of competent jurisdiction in their most
recent ruling. In America, only Louisiana uses a code law system.

DEVELOPMENT OF THE COMMON-LAW COURT SYSTEM IN AMERICA

The Supreme Court is a common-law court that operates in a system that has
little "federal common law." Yet its common-law nature is important to the
Court's functioning as a constitutional arbiter.  "Common law is a system of
law made not by legislatures but by courts and judges. Although often called
"unwritten law," the phrase actually refers only to the source of law, which
is presumed to be universal custom, reason, or "natural law." In common law,
the substance of the law is to be found in the published reports of court
decisions. Two points are critical to the workings of a common-law system.
First, law emerges only through litigation about actual controversies.
Second, precedent guides courts: holdings in a case must follow previous
rulings, if the facts are identical. This is the principle of stare decisis.
But subsequent cases can also change the law. If the facts of a new case are
distinguishable, a new rule can emerge. And sometimes, if the grounds of a
precedent are seen to be wrong, the holding can be overruled by later
courts.

When the Constitution was drafted, American society was infused with
common-law ideas. Common law originated in the medieval English royal
courts. By 1776, it had been received in all the British colonies. The
revolutionary experience heightened Americans' adherence to common law,
especially to the idea that the principle embodied in the common law
controlled the government. While there is no express provision in the
Constitution stating that the Supreme Court is a common-law court, Article
III divides the jurisdiction of federal courts into law (meaning common
law), equity, and admiralty.  The Philadelphia Convention of 1787 rejected
language that would limit federal jurisdiction to matter controlled by
congressional statute. Thus the Constitution implicity recognizes the
Supreme Court as a common-law court, as does the Seventh Amendment in the
Bill of Rights.

The Constitution left open the question whether there was a federal common
law. The Supreme Court first held, in United State v. Hudson and Goodwin
1812), that there is no federal common law of crimes, and then, in Wheaton
v. Peters (1834), that there is no federal civil common law. But in Swift v.
Tyson (1842), the Court permitted lower federal courts to decide commercial
law questions on the basis of "the general principles and doctrines of
commercial jurisprudence" thus opening the door to later growth of a general
federal common law. A century later, the Court put a stop to this
development in Erie Railroad v. Thompkins (1938) by declaring Swift
unconstitutional. (Yet, at the same time, it acknowledged the existence of
bodies of specialized federal common law, such as, for example, it refuses
to render advisory opinions, waiting instead for litigants to bring issues
before it. Precedent shapes the Court's power of judicial review; because of
it, any ruling of the Court is a precedent for similar cases.  Thus if one
state's law is held unconstitutional, all similar statutes in other states
are unconstitutional a point the Court was obliged to underscore forcibly in
Cooper v. Aaron (1958) in the face of intransigent southern resistance to
the Court's holding in Brown v. Board of Education (1954).

The Fourteenth Amendment

Under Article I, section 2 of the Constitution, a slave had been counted as
three-fifths of a person for purposes of representation. Southern states
expected a substantial increase in their representation in the House of
Representatives after the Civil War. The Union, Having won the war, might
lose the peace. Before the war, southern states suppressed fundamental
rights, including free speech and press in order to protect the institution
of slavery. Though the Supreme Court had ruled in 1833 in Baron v. Baltimore
that guarantees of the Bill of Rights did not limit the states, many
Republicans thought state officials were obligated to respect those
guarantees. The Fourteenth Amendment prohibited states from abridging
privileges and immunities of citizens of the United States and from
depriving persons of due process of law or equal protection of the laws.
Early interpretations of the Fourteenth Amendment drastically curtailed the
protection afforded by the amendment. Decisions such as Twinin v. New Jersey
in 1908 and Gitlow v. New York in 1925 expanded the Fourteenth Amendment to
the Bill of Rights meaning that Federal protections applied to protect the
individual from trespass on God-given rights by states. Supreme Court
decisions have also brought offense to rights done under color of law by
private persons within reach of Federal protection. Source - The Oxford
Companion To The Supreme Court of The United States

The essence of the Fourteenth Amendment in a nutshell

The Constitution of the United States was written to protect us from
intrusion on our God Given Rights by the Federal Government. The Fourteenth
Amendment was necessary to protect us from intrusion on our God Given Rights
by state governments, political subunits, and individuals who act under
color of law. The Fourteenth Amendment, contrary to what some believe takes
no rights away. In fact, the Fourteenth Amendment is one of the most
valuable legal tools we have at our disposal. Some Patriots have been misled
with an argument that the Fourteenth Amendmant makes them inforier citizens.
This propaganda originates from the belief that Lincoln "enslaved us all" by
declaring martial law. In truth and reality, Lincoln's order invoking
martial law was revoked by then Chief Justice Taney. Roger Brooke Taney was
fingered as a bad guy as a result of the Dred Scott decision. Taney, like
many others was a product of history. Taney's ruling in Scott was based on
the fact that Taney was a strict constuctionist, believing that the
Constitution pretty well says what it says and was reticent to be too
creative with Constitutional interpretation. Simply put, Taney believed
slaves were property and maintained the Constitution's protection of private
property ownership warranted a constitutional amendmant if slaves were to be
granted rights as citizens. Taney's revocation of Lincoln's order of
marshall law fomented a Constitutional crisis in as much as Lincoln regarded
Taney as a usurper of Presidential power claiming Taney had no authority to
revoke his declaration of marshall law absent a case being presented to the
court. After Lincoln's death, the Supreme Court removed all doubt in Ex
Parte Milligan,  71 U.S. 2 (1866), ending any presumption that Lincoln had
"made us all inferior citizens." The holding in Milligan = "The Constitution
was not suspended in time of emergency. The Constitution was a law for
rulers and people, equally in time of war and peace; therefore, the military
trial of civilians which violated constitutional guarantees of indictment by
grand jury and public trial by an impartial jury was impermissible where the
civil courts remained open. Neither the president nor Congress can authorize
the trial of civilians by military commission as long as the civil courts
were open." Patriots due ill to the cause and obstruct justice for
themselves by buying into the falsehoods surrounding the Fourteenth
Amendmant.

UNITED STATES CONSITUTIONAL AMENDMENT VII = In suits at common law, where
the value in controversy shall exceed  twenty dollars, the right of trial by
jury shall be preserved, and no fact tried by a jury shall be otherwise
re-examined in any court of the Untied States, than according to the rules
of the common law.

Federal courts, in adopting rules, are not free to extend the judicial power
of the Untied States described in Article III of the Constitution. Willy v.
Coastal Corp.,  503 U.S. 131, 135 (1992). Rule 28A(i) allows courts to
ignore this limit. If we mark an opinion as unpublished, Rule 28A(i)
provides that is not precedent. Though prior decisions may be
well-considered and directly on point, Rule 28A(i) allows us to depart from
the law set out in such prior decisions without any reason to differentiate
the cases. This discretion is completely inconsistent with the doctrine of
precedent; even in constitutional cases, courts "have always required a
departure from precedent to be supported by some 'special justification.'
"United States v. International Business Machines Corp.,  517 U.S. 843, 856
(1996), quoting Payne v. Tennessee, 501 U.S. 808, 842 (1991) (Souter, J.,
concurring). Rule 28A(i) expands the judicial power beyond the limits set by
article III by allowing us complete discretion to determine which judicial
decisions will bind us and which will not. Insofar as it limits the
precedential effect of our prior decisions, the Rule is therefore
unconstitutional.  Anastasoff v. United States of America 223 F.3d 898 (8th
Cir. 2000).

The real law is found in the annotated statutes: The importance of annotated
law: (1). It is organized. (2). It is abbreviated (you don't need to read
the whole case) (3). The "holdings" define the real law. Examples of
holdings:

Debtor, as natural person who was obligated to pay debt to hospital for
services provided in connection with her kidney infection, was "consumer"
within meaning of the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act (FDCPA).  Creighton
v. Emporia Credit Service, Inc., E.D.Va.1997, 981 F.Supp. 411.

Patient who had received medical services on credit, and who was primarily
responsible for payment of account at medical center, qualified as
"consumer" under the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act (FDCPA).  Adams v.
Law Offices of Stuckert & Yates, E.D.Pa.1996, 926 F.Supp. 521.

Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, establishing liability of debt
collector who fails to comply with the Act "with respect to any person,"
does not limit recovery to "consumers," and thus would not preclude recovery
by person to whom debt collector sent letter seeking to collect debt of such
person's deceased father even if such person were not a consumer;  but, in
any event, such person was a "consumer" when collectors admittedly demanded
payment of debt from him.  Dutton v. Wolhar, D.Del.1992, 809 F.Supp. 1130.

Unpaid administrative and other fees charged under rental agreement by
automobile and truck rental company in event of accident constituted "debt"
under Fair Debt Collection Practices Act.  Brown v. Budget Rent-A-Car
Systems, Inc., C.A.11 (Fla.) 1997, 119 F.3d 922.

Workbook assignment: Visit a law library.  Find the Federal Annotated
Statutes and your State's annotatated statutes or code. Copy an annotated
section from each. Write a summary of the real law regarding the statute.

There are  a two types of jurisdiction relating  to people.
Personal jurisdiction is lawfully exercised over a defendant if the person
lives in a jurisdiction, operates a business in a jurisdiction, owns
property in a jurisdiction, or commits an injury in a jurisdiction and   has
had notice and opportunity free of fraud or mistake (is in receipt of
service and has a copy of the petition, claim, or complaint). If these
elements are complete, personal jurisdiction CANNOT BE DENIED. Even if these
elements are lacking, personal jurisdiction can be waived by appearance,
excepting a person, not represented by counsel entering a special appearance
for the purpose of challenging the court's personal jurisdiction.  Subject
matter jurisdiction is the court's power to hear and determine cases of the
general class or category to which proceedings in question belong; the power
to deal with the general subject involved in the action. Subject matter
jurisdiction can never be waived, cannot attach by mutual consent of the
parties, or through lapse of time or course of events other than sufficient
pleadings. Once established, subject matter jurisdiction CAN be lost. When
subject matter jurisdiction is challenged, the party asserting that the
court has subject matter jurisdiction has the burden of showing that it
exists on the record. Once the court has knowledge that subject matter is
lacking, the court (meaning the judge) has no discretion but to dismiss the
action. Failure to dismiss means that the court is proceeding in clear
absence of all jurisdiction and subjects the judge to suit. Contemplation of
subject matter jurisdiction harkens to the memory of Vince Lombardi, who
when ask if winning was everything replied, "winning is the only thing."
Personal jurisdiction is not usually an issue, but subject matter
jurisdiction is always, always an issue! Subject matter jurisdiction is not
everything, it's the only thing!  Incidentally, in rem is the power of a
court over a thing so that its jurisdiction is valid against the rights of
every person having an interest in the thing; quasi in rem gives the court
jurisdiction over  a property interest but only to the limit of the interest
in the property and not the property entirely.

NOTE: Some contracts have a "forum selection clause" stating that if there
is a controversy it will be resolved according to the law of a certain
state. Is clause enforceable?  Not if the clause is expressed in fine print,
placed in the contract to avoid litigation, or if the forum selection clause
could not have been disputed without impunity as part of a freely negotiated
contract. See Johnson and Johnson, v. Holland America Line-Westours, Inc.,
557 N.W.2d 475,  Forum selection clause must be reasonable communicate terms
and be fundamentally fair Deiro v. American Airlines, Inc., 816 F.2d 1360,
1364 (9th Cir. 1987). The forum selection clause must be "fundamentally
fair." Shute, 499 U.S. at 595,  In re: Hodes, 858 F.2d at 908, and Shankles
v. Costa Armatori, S.P.A., 722 F.2d 861, 866 (1st Cir. 1983)

Attorneys can't testify. Statements of counsel in brief or in oral argument
are not facts before the court.

This finding of a continuing investigation, which forms the
foundation of the majority opinion, comes from statements of counsel made
during the appellate process. As we have said of other un-sworn statements
which were not part of the record and therefore could not have been
considered by the trial court: "Manifestly, [such statements] cannot be
properly considered by us in the disposition of [a) case." Unitd States  v.
Lovasco (06/09/77)  431 U.S. 783, 97 S. Ct. 2044, 52 L. Ed. 2d 752, Under no
possible view, however, of the findings we are considering can they be held
to constitute a compliance with the statute, since they merely embody
conflicting statements of counsel concerning the facts as they suppose them
to be and their appreciation of the law which they deem applicable, there
being, therefore, no attempt whatever to state the ultimate facts by a
consideration of which we would be able to conclude whether or not the
judgment was warranted. Gonzales  v. Buist. (04/01/12) 224 U.S. 126, 56 L.
Ed. 693, 32 S. Ct. 463.  No instruction was asked, but, as we have said, the
judge told the jury that they were to regard only the evidence admitted by
him, not statements of counsel, Holt  v. United States, (10/31/10) 218 U.S.
245, 54 L. Ed. 1021, 31 S. Ct. 2,  Care has been taken, however, in
summoning witnesses to testify, to call no man whose character or whose word
could be successfully impeached by any methods known to the law. And it is
remarkable, we submit, that in a case of this magnitude, with every means
and resource at their command, the complainants, after years of effort and
search in near and in the most remote paths, and in every collateral by-way,
now rest the charges of conspiracy and of gullibility against these
witnesses, only upon the bare statements of counsel. The lives of all the
witnesses are clean, their characters for truth and veracity un-assailed,
and the evidence of any attempt to influence the memory or the impressions
of any man called, cannot be successfully pointed out in this record.
Telephone Cases. Dolbear  v. American Bell Telephone Company, Molecular
Telephone Company v. American Bell Telephone Company. American Bell
Telephone Company v.. Moleecualar Telephone Company, Clay Commercial
Telephone Company v. American Bell Telephone Company, People's Telephone
Company v. American Bell Telephone Company,  Overland Telephone Company v.
American Bell Telephone Company,. (PART TWO OF THREE) (03/19/88) 126 U.S. 1,
31 L. Ed. 863, 8 S. Ct. 778.  Statements of counsel in brief or in argument
are not sufficient for motion to dismiss or for summary judgment, Trinsey v.
Pagliaro, D. C. Pa. 1964, 229 F. Supp. 647. Factual statements or documents
appearing only in briefs shall not be deemed to be a part of the record in
the case, unless specifically permitted by the Court - Oklahoma Court Rules
and Procedure, Federal local rule 7.1(h).

Twenty-two reasons to
vacate a Void Judgment

The Really BIG Deal

The real issue in void judgments is, SUBJECT MATTER JURISDICTION!!!!

Void judgments are those rendered by a court which lacked jurisdiction,
either of the subject matter or the parties. Wahl v. Round Valley Bank 38
Ariz, 411, 300 P. 955(1931), Tube City Mining & Millng Co. v. Otterson, 16
Ariz. 305, 146p 203(1914); and Millken v. Meyer, 311 U.S. 457, 61 S. CT.
339,85 L. Ed. 2d 278 (1940).

I can go into void judgments at great length with enough court case cites to
make anybody's eyes glaze over but I shall refrain. Let it be said that the
really big deal with subject matter jurisdiction is that it can never be
presumed, never be waived, and cannot be constructed even by mutual consent
of the parties. Subject matter jurisdiction is two part ; the statutory or
common law authority for the court to hearthe case and the appearance and
testimony of a competent fact witness, in other words, sufficiency of
pleadings.

Even if a court (judge) has or appears to have subject matter jurisdiction,
subject matter jurisdiction can be lost.

Major reasons why subject matter jurisdiction is lost:

(1) No petition in the record of the case, Brown v. VanKeuren, 340 Ill.
118,122 (1930).

(2) Defective petition filed, Same case as above.

(3) Fraud committed in the procurement of jurisdiction, Fredman Brothers
Furniture v. Dept. of Revenue, 109 Ill. 2d 202, 486 N.E. 2d 893(1985)

(4) Fraud upon the court, In re Village of Willowbrook, 37 Ill, App. 3d
393(1962)

(5) A judge does not follow statutory procedure, Armstrong v. Obucino, 300
Ill 140, 143 (1921)

(6) Unlawful activity of a judge, Code of Judicial Conduct.

(7) Violation of due process, Johnson v. Zerbst, 304 U.S. 458, 58 S.Ct.
1019; Pure Oil Co. v. City of Northlake, 10 Ill.2d 241, 245, 140 N.E. 2d 289
(1956); Hallberg v Goldblatt Bros., 363 Ill 25 (1936); (8) If the court
exceeded it's statutory authority. Rosenstiel v. Rosenstiel, 278 F. Supp.
794 (S.D.N.Y. 1967)

(9) Any acts in violation of 11 U.S.C. 362(a),IN re Garcia, 109 B.R. 335
(N.D> Illinois, 1989).

(10) Where no justiciable issue is presented to the court through proper
pleadings, Ligon v. Williams, 264 Ill. App 3d 701, 637 N.E. 2d 633 (1st
Dist. 1994)

(11) Where a complaint states no cognizable cause of action against that
party, Charles v. Gore, 248 Ill App. 3d 441, 618 N.E. 2d 554 (1st. Dist.
1993)

(12) Where any litigant was represented before a court by a person/law firm
that is prohibited by law to practice law in that jurisdiction.

(13) When the judge is involved in a scheme of bribery (the Alemann cases,
Bracey v Warden, U.S. Supreme Court No. 96-6133(June 9, 1997)

(14) Where a summons was not properly issued.

(15) Where service of process was not made pursuant to statute and Supreme
Courth Rules, Janove v. Bacon, 6 Ill. 2d 245, 249, 218 N.E. 2d 706, 708
(1953)

(16) When the rules of the Circuit court are not complied with.

(17) When the local rules of the special court are not complied with. (One
Where the judge does not act impartially, Bracey v. Warden, U.S. Supreme
Court No. 96-6133(June 9, 1997)

(18) Where the statute is vague, People v. Williams, 638 N.E. 2d 207 (1st
Dist. (1994)

(19) When proper notice is not given to all parties by the movant, Wilson v.
Moore, 13 Ill. App. 3d 632, 301 N.E. 2d 39 (1st Dist. (1973)

(20) Where an order/judgment is based on a void order/judgment, Austin v.
Smith, 312 F 2d 337, 343 (1962); English v. English, 72 Ill. App. 3d 736,
393 N.E. 2d 18 (1st Dist. 1979) or

(21) Where the public policy of the State of Illinois is violated,
Martin-Tregona v Roderick, 29 Ill. App. 3d 553, 331 N.E. 2d 100 (1st Dist.
1975)

And another that can and should be checked on is does the judge have a copy
of his oath of office on file in his chambers? If not, he is not a judge and
yes, you can go into his office and demand to see a copy of his oath of
office at any time. The laws covering judges and other public officials are
to be found at 5 U.S.C. 3331, 28 U.S.C. 543 and 5 U.S.C. 1983 and if the
judge has not complied with all of those provisions he is not a judge but a
trespasser upon the court. If he is proven a trespasser upon the court(upon
the law) not one of his judgments, pronouncements or orders are valid. All
are null and void.

In all, there are 22 indices which tell us whether or not a court had
subject matter jurisdiction and when examining a judgment one has to know
each and every one of them by heart. If he knows them by heart he can go
through a judgment like Sherman going though Georgia and point out all of
the errors which might make the case a void judgment, null and void upon
it's face.

SUMMARY OF THE LAW OF VOIDS

Before a court (judge) can proceed judicially, jurisdiction must be complete
consisting of two opposing parties (not their attorneys - although attorneys
can enter an appearance on behalf of a party, only the parties can testify
and until the plaintiff testifies the court has no basis upon which to rule
judicially), and the two halves of subject matter jurisdiction = the
statutory or common law authority the action is brought under (the theory of
indemnity) and the testimony of a competent fact witness regarding the
injury (the cause of action). If there is a jurisdictional failing appearing
on the face of the record, the matter is void, subject to vacation with
damages, and can never be time barred.

A question which naturally occurs: "If I vacate avoid judgment, can they
just come back and try the case again?" Answer: A new suit must be filed and
that can only be done if within the statute of limitations.

"Lack of jurisdiction cannot be corrected by an order nunc pro tunc. The
only proper office of a nunc pro tunc order is to correct a mistake in the
records; it cannot be used to rewrite history." E.g., Transamerica Ins. Co.
v. South, 975 F.2d 321, 325-26 (7th Cir. 1992); United States v. Daniels,
902 F.2d 1238, 1240 (7th Cir. 1990); King v. Ionization Int'l, Inc., 825
F.2d 1180, 1188 (7th Cir. 1987). And Central Laborer’s Pension and Annuity
Funds v. Griffee, 198 F.3d 642, 644(7th cir. 1999).

The number of void judgments on the books in America’s courthouses is so
great, there is no practical way to estimate how many there are!

IF EVERY VOID JUDGMENT WAS VACATED WITH DAMAGES, IT WOULD REPRESENT THE
GREATEST SHIFT IN MATERIAL WEALTH IN THE HISTORY OF THE WORLD!

EVERYTHING YOU ALWAYS WANTED TO KNOW ABOUT
VOID JUDGMENTS BUT WERE AFRAID TO ASK!

Void judgments are those rendered by a court which lacked jurisdiction,
either of the subject matter or the parties, Wahl v. Round Valley Bank 38
Ariz. 411, 300 P. 955 (1931); Tube City Mining & Milling Co. v. Otterson, 16
Ariz. 305, 146 P. 203 (1914); and Milliken v. Meyer, 311 U.S. 457, 61 S.Ct.
339, 85 L.Ed. 2d 278 (1940).

A void judgment which includes judgment entered by a court which lacks
jurisdiction over the parties or the subject matter, or lacks inherent power
to enter the particular judgment, or an order procured by fraud, can be
attacked at any time, in any court, either directly or collaterally,
provided that the party is properly before the court, Long v. Shorebank
Development Corp., 182 F.3d 548 ( C.A. 7 Ill. 1999).

A void judgment is one which, from its inception, was a complete nullity and
without legal effect, Lubben v. Selevtive Service System Local Bd. No. 27,
453 F.2d 645, 14 A.L.R. Fed. 298 (C.A. 1 Mass. 1972).

A void judgment is one which from the beginning was complete nullity and
without any legal effect, Hobbs v. U.S. Office of Personnel Management,  485
F.Supp. 456 (M.D. Fla. 1980). Void judgment is one that, from its inception,
is complete nullity and without legal effect, Holstein v. City of Chicago,
803 F.Supp. 205, reconsideration denied 149 F.R.D. 147, affirmed 29 F.3d
1145 (N.D. Ill 1992).

Void judgment is one where court lacked personal or subject matter
jurisdiction or entry of order violated due process,  U.S.C.A. Const. Amend.
5 - Triad Energy Corp. v. McNell  110 F.R.D. 382 (S.D.N.Y. 1986). Judgment
is a void judgment if court that rendered judgment lacked jurisdiction of
the subject matter, or of the parties, or acted in a manner inconsistent
with due process, Fed. Rules Civ. Proc., Rule 60(b)(4), 28 U.S.C.A.;
U.S.C.A. Const. Amend. 5 - Klugh v. U.S., 620 F.Supp. 892 (D.S.C. 1985).

A void judgment is one which, from its inception, was, was a complete
nullity and without legal effect, Rubin v. Johns, 109 F.R.D. 174 (D. Virgin
Islands 1985).

A void judgment is one which, from its inception, is and forever continues
to be absolutely null, without legal efficacy, ineffectual to bind the
parties or to support a right, of no legal force and effect whatever, and
incapable of enforcement in any manner or to any degree - Loyd v. Director,
Dept. of Public Safety, 480 So. 2d 577 (Ala. Civ. App. 1985).

A judgment shown by evidence to be invalid for want of jurisdiction is a
void judgment or at all events has all attributes of a void judgment, City
of Los Angeles v. Morgan,  234 P.2d 319 (Cal.App. 2 Dist. 1951).

Void judgment which is subject to collateral attack, is simulated judgment
devoid of any potency because of jurisdictional defects,  Ward v. Terriere,
386 P.2d 352 (Colo. 1963).

A void judgment is a simulated judgment devoid of any potency because of
jurisdictional defects only, in the court rendering it and defect of
jurisdiction may relate to a party or parties, the subject matter, the cause
of action, the question to be determined, or relief to be granted, Davidson
Chevrolet, Inc. v. City and County of Denver, 330 P.2d 1116, certiorari
denied 79 S.Ct. 609, 359 U.S. 926, 3 L.Ed. 2d 629 (Colo. 1958).

Void judgment is one entered by court without jurisdiction of parties or
subject matter or that lacks inherent power to make or enter particular
order involved and such a judgment may be attacked at any time, either
directly or collaterally,  People v. Wade,  506 N.W.2d 954 (Ill. 1987).

Void judgment may be defined as one in which rendering court lacked subject
matter jurisdiction, lacked personal jurisdiction or acted in manner
inconsistent with due process of law Eckel v. MacNeal,  628 N.E. 2d 741
(Ill. App. Dist. 1993).

Void judgment is one entered by court without jurisdiction of parties or
subject matter or that lacks inherent power to make or enter particular
order involved; such judgment may be attacked at any time, either directly
or collaterally People v. Sales, 551 N.E.2d 1359 (Ill.App. 2 Dist. 1990).

Res judicata consequences will not be applied to a void judgment which is
one which, from its inception, is a complete nullity and without legal
effect, Allcock v. Allcock 437 N.E. 2d 392 (Ill. App. 3 Dist. 1982).

Void judgment is one which, from its inception is complete nullity and
without legal effect In re Marriage of Parks,  630 N.E. 2d 509 (Ill.App. 5
Dist. 1994).

Void judgment is one entered by court that lacks the inherent power to make
or enter the particular order involved, and it may be attacked at any time,
either directly or collaterally; such a judgment would be a nullity People
v. Rolland 581 N.E.2d 907, (Ill.App. 4 Dist. 1991).

Void judgment under federal law is one in which rendering court lacked
subject matter jurisdiction over dispute or jurisdiction over parties, or
acted in manner inconsistent with due process of law or otherwise acted
unconstitutionally in entering judgment, U.S.C.A. Const. Amed. 5, Hays v.
Louisiana Dock Co.,  452 n.e.2D 1383 (Ill. App. 5 Dist. 1983).

A void judgment has no effect whatsoever and is incapable of confirmation or
ratification, Lucas v. Estate of Stavos,  609 N. E. 2d 1114, rehearing
denied, and transfer denied (Ind. App. 1 dist. 1993). Void judgment is one
that from its inception is a complete nullity and without legal effect
Stidham V. Whelchel,  698 N.E.2d 1152 (Ind. 1998). Relief form void judgment
is available when trial court lacked either personal or subject matter
jurisdiction,  Dusenberry v. Dusenberry,  625 N.E. 2d 458 (Ind.App. 1 Dist.
1993).

Void judgment is one rendered by court which lacked personal or subject
matter jurisdiction or acted in manner inconsistent with due process,
U.S.C.A. Const. Amends. 5, 14 Matter of Marriage of Hampshire,  869 P.2d 58
( Kan. 1997). Judgment is void if court that rendered it lacked personal or
subject matter jurisdiction; void judgment is nullity and may be vacated at
any time, Matter of Marriage of Welliver, 869 P.2d 653 (Kan. 1994).

A void judgment is one rendered by a court which lacked personal or subject
matter jurisdiction or acted in a manner inconsistent with due process In re
Estate of Wells, 983 P.2d 279, (Kan. App. 1999). Void judgment is one
rendered in absence of jurisdiction over subject matter or parties 310 N.W.
2d 502, (Minn. 1981).

A void judgment is one rendered in absence of jurisdiction over subject
matter or parties, Lange v. Johnson, 204 N.W.2d 205 (Minn. 1973).

A void judgment is one which has merely semblance, without some essential
element, as when court purporting to render is has no jurisdiction, Mills v.
Richardson, 81 S.E. 2d 409, (N.C. 1954). A void judgment is one which has a
mere semblance, but is lacking in some of the essential elements which would
authorize the court to proceed to judgment,  Henderson v. Henderson, 59 S.E.
2d 227, (N.C. 1950).

Void judgment is one entered by court without jurisdiction to enter such
judgment,  State v. Blankenship  675 N.E. 2d 1303, (Ohio App. 9 Dist. 1996).

Void judgment, such as may be vacated at any time is one whose invalidity
appears on face of judgment roll, Graff v. Kelly, 814 P.2d 489 (Okl. 1991).

A void judgment is one that is void on face of judgment roll, Capital
Federal Savings Bank v. Bewley, 795 P.2d 1051 (Okl. 1990).

Where condition of bail bond was that defendant would appear at present term
of court, judgment forfeiting bond for defendant's bail to appear at
subsequent term was a void judgment within rule that laches does not run
against a void judgment  Com. V. Miller,  150 A.2d 585 (Pa. Super. 1959).

A void judgment is one in which the judgment is facially invalid because the
court lacked jurisdiction or authority to render the judgment, State v.
Richie,  20 S.W.3d 624 (Tenn. 2000). Void judgment is one which shows upon
face of record want of jurisdiction in court assuming to render judgment,
and want of jurisdiction may be either of person, subject matter generally,
particular question to be decided or relief assumed to be given,  State ex
rel. Dawson v. Bomar,  354 S.W. 2d 763, certiorari denied, (Tenn. 1962).

A void judgment is one which shows upon face of record a want of
jurisdiction in court assuming to render the judgment,  Underwood v. Brown,
244 S.W. 2d 168 (Tenn. 1951).

A void judgment is one which shows on face of record the want of
jurisdiction in court assuming to render judgment, which want of
jurisdiction may be either of the person, or of the subject matter
generally, or of the particular question attempted to decided or relief
assumed to be given,  Richardson v. Mitchell, 237 S.W. 2d 577, (Tenn.Ct.
App. 1950).

Void judgment is one which has no legal force or effect whatever, it is an
absolute nullity, its invalidity may be asserted by any person whose rights
are affected at any time and at any place and it need not be attacked
directly but may be attacked collaterally whenever and wherever it is
interposed,  City of Lufkin v. McVicker,  510 S.W. 2d 141 (Tex. Civ. App. -
Beaumont 1973).

A void judgment, insofar as it purports to be pronouncement of  court, is an
absolute nullity, Thompson v. Thompson,  238 S.W.2d 218 (Tex.Civ.App. - Waco
1951).

A void judgment is one that has been procured by extrinsic or collateral
fraud, or entered by court that did to have jurisdiction over subject matter
or the parties, Rook v. Rook, 353 S.E. 2d 756, (Va. 1987). A void judgment
is a judgment, decree, or order entered by a court which lacks jurisdiction
of the parties or of the subject matter, or which lacks the inherent power
to make or enter the particular order involved,  State ex rel. Turner v.
Briggs, 971 P.2d 581 (Wash. App. Div. 1999).

A void judgment or order is one that is entered by a court lacking
jurisdiction over the parties or the subject matter, or lacking the inherent
power to enter the particular order or judgment, or where the order was
procured by fraud, In re Adoption of E.L.,  733 N.E.2d 846, (Ill.App. 1
Dist. 2000).

Void judgments are those rendered by court which lacked jurisdiction, either
of subject matter or parties,  Cockerham v. Zikratch,  619 P.2d 739 (Ariz.
1980).

Void judgments generally fall into two classifications, that is, judgments
where there is want of jurisdiction of person or subject matter, and
judgments procured through fraud, and such judgments may be attacked
directly or collaterally,  Irving v. Rodriquez,  169 N.E.2d 145, (Ill.app. 2
Dist. 1960). Invalidity need to appear on face of judgment alone that
judgment or order may be said to be intrinsically void or void on its face,
if lack of jurisdiction appears from the record,  Crockett Oil Co. v. Effie,
374 S.W.2d 154 ( Mo.App. 1964).

Decision is void on the face of the judgment roll when from four corners of
that roll, it may be determined that at least one of three elements of
jurisdiction was absent: (1) jurisdiction over parties, (2) jurisdiction
over subject matter, or (3) jurisdictional power to pronounce particular
judgment hat was rendered, B & C Investments, Inc. v. F & M Nat. Bank &
Trust, 903 P.2d 339 (Okla. App. Div. 3, 1995).

Void order may be attacked, either directly or collaterally, at any time,
In re Estate of Steinfield, 630 N.E.2d 801, certiorari denied, See also
Steinfeld v. Hoddick, 513 U.S. 809, (Ill. 1994).

Void order which is one entered by court which lacks jurisdiction over
parties or subject matter, or lacks inherent power to enter judgment, or
order procured by fraud, can be attacked at any time, in any court, either
directly or collaterally, provided that party is properly before court,
People ex rel. Brzica v. Village of Lake Barrington, 644 N.E.2d 66 (Ill.App.
2 Dist. 1994). While voidable orders are readily appealable and must be
attacked directly, void order may be circumvented by collateral attack or
remedied by mandamus,  Sanchez v. Hester,  911 S.W.2d 173, (Tex.App. -
Corpus Christi 1995). Arizona courts give great weight to federal courts'
interpretations of Federal Rule of Civil Procedure governing motion for
relief from judgment in interpreting identical text of Arizona Rule of Civil
Procedure,  Estate of Page v. Litzenburg, 852 P.2d 128, review denied
(Ariz.App. Div. 1, 1998).

When rule providing for relief from void judgments is applicable, relief is
not discretionary matter, but is mandatory, Orner v. Shalala,  30 F.3d 1307,
(Colo. 1994). Judgments entered where court lacked either subject matter or
personal jurisdiction, or that were otherwise entered in violation of due
process of law, must be set aside,  Jaffe and Asher v. Van Brunt,
S.D.N.Y.1994. 158 F.R.D. 278.

A "void judgment" as we all know, grounds no rights, forms no defense to
actions taken there under, and is vulnerable to any manner of collateral
attack (thus here, by ). No statute of limitations or repose runs on its
holdings, the matters thought to be settled thereby are not res judicata,
and years later, when the memories may have grown dim and rights long been
regarded as vested, any disgruntled litigant may reopen the old wound and
once more probe its depths. And it is then as though trial and adjudication
had never been. 10/13/58 FRITTS v. KRUGH. SUPREME COURT OF MICHIGAN, 92
N.W.2d 604, 354 Mich. 97.

On certiorari this Court may not review questions of fact. Brown v.
Blanchard, 39 Mich 790. It is not at liberty to determine disputed facts
(Hyde v. Nelson, 11 Mich 353), nor to review the weight of the evidence.
Linn v. Roberts, 15 Mich 443; Lynch v. People, 16 Mich 472.

Certiorari is an appropriate remedy to get rid of a void judgment, one which
there is no evidence to sustain. Lake Shore & Michigan Southern Railway Co.
v. Hunt, 39 Mich 469.

What about default judgments?

Anybody you know been subjected to a default judgment? If you ask an
attorney or a judge if there is relief from a default judgment, they will
ask if you got notice. They will claim if you got notice, there's nothing
you can do 'cause you had the opportunity and didn't answer so you lost -
tough luck! This just goes to show how little attorneys and judges know
about real law. EVEN A DEFAULT JUDGMENT MUST BE PROVED!

Oklahoma's law on default judgments = Trial court could not award damages to
plaintiff, following default judgment, without requiring evidence of
damages. Razorsoft, Inc. v. Maktal, Inc., Okla.App. Div. 1, 907 P.2d 1102
(1995), rehearing denied. A party is not in default so long as he has a
pleading on file which makes an issue in the case that requires proof on the
part of the opposite party in order to entitle him to recover. Millikan v.
Booth, Okla., 4 Okla. 713, 46 P. 489 (1896). Proof of or assessment of
damages upon petition claiming damages, it is error to pronounce judgment
without hearing proof or assessing damages. Atchison, T. & S.F. Ry. Co. v.
Lambert, 31 Okla. 300, 121 P. 654, Ann.Cas.1913E, 329 (1912); City of
Guthrie v. T. W. Harvey Lumber Co., 5 Okla. 774, 50 P. 84 (1897). In the
assessment of damages following entry of default judgment, a defaulting
party has a statutory right to a hearing on the extent of unliquidated
damage, and encompassed within this right is the opportunity to a fair
post-default inquest at which both the plaintiff and the defendant can
participate in the proceedings by cross-examining witnesses and introducing
evidence on their own behalf. Payne v. Dewitt, Okla., 995 P.2d 1088 (1999).
A default declaration, imposed as a discovery sanction against a defendant,
cannot extend beyond saddling defendant with liability for the harm
occasioned and for imposition of punitive damages, and the trial court must
leave to a meaningful inquiry the quantum of actual and punitive damages,
without stripping defendant of basic forensic devices to test the truth of
plaintiff's evidence. Payne v. Dewitt, Okla., 995 P.2d 1088 (1999). Fracture
of two toes required expert medical testimony as to whether such injury was
permanent so as to allow damages for permanent injury, future pain, and
future medical treatment on default judgment, and such testimony was not
within competency of plaintiff who had no medical expertise. Reed v. Scott,
Okla., 820 P.2d 445, 20 A.L.R.5th 913 (1991). Rendition of default judgment
requires production of proof as to amount of unliquidated damages. Reed v.
Scott, Okla., 820 P.2d 445, 20 A.L.R.5th 913 (1991). When face of judgment
roll shows judgment on pleadings without evidence as to amount of
unliquidated damages then judgment is void. Reed v. Scott, Okla., 820 P.2d
445, 20 A.L.R.5th 913 (1991).  In a tort action founded on an unliquidated
claim for damages, a defaulting party is deemed to have admitted only
plaintiff's right to recover, so that the court is without authority or
power to enter a judgment fixing the amount of recovery in the absence of
the introduction of evidence. Graves v. Walters, Okla.App., 534 P.2d 702
(1975). Presumptions which ordinarily shield judgments from collateral
attacks were not applicable on motion to vacate a small claim default
judgment on ground that court assessed damages on an unliquidated tort claim
without first hearing any supporting evidence. Graves v. Walters, Okla.App.,
534 P.2d 702 (1975). Rule that default judgment fixing the amount of
recovery in absence of introduction of supporting evidence is void and not
merely erroneous or voidable obtains with regard to exemplary as well as
compensatory damages. Graves v. Walters, Okla.App., 534 P.2d 702 (1975).
Where liability of father for support of minor daughter and extent of such
liability and amount of attorney's fees to be allowed was dependent on
facts, rendering of final judgment by trial court requiring father to pay
$25 monthly for support of minor until minor should reach age 18 and $100
attorney's fees without having heard proof thereof in support of allegations
in petition was error. Ross v. Ross, Okla., 201 Okla. 174, 203 P.2d 702
(1949). Refusal to render default judgment against codefendant for want of
answer was not error, since defendants and court treated answer of defendant
on file as having been filed on behalf of both defendants, and since
plaintiff could not recover without offering proof of damages and offered no
such proof. Thomas v. Williams, Okla., 173 Okla. 601, 49 P.2d 557 (1935).
Under R.L.1910, §§ 4779, 5130 (see, now, this section and § 2007 of this
title), allegation of value, or amount of damages stated in petition, were
not considered true by failure to controvert. Cudd v. Farmers' Exch. Bank of
Lindsay, Okla., 76 Okla. 317, 185 P. 521 (1919). Hearing Trial court's
discovery sanction barring defendant from using cross-examination and other
truth-testing devices at post-default non-jury hearing on plaintiff's
damages violated due process. Payne v. Dewitt, Okla., 995 P.2d 1088 (1999).

If you or anybody you know has a default judgment, go to the courthouse and
check the record.  If they failed to prove up their claim-that default
judgment is void ab initio subject to vacation without time limitation!

The really big deal, the real issue in void judgments is, tah, dum,
de dum, SUBJECT MATTER JURISDICTION!!!! Remember, subject matter can never
be presumed, never be waived, and cannot be constructed even by mutual
consent of the parties. Subject matter jurisdiction is two part: the
statutory or common law authority for the court to hear the case and the
appearance and testimony of a competent fact witness, in other words,
sufficiency of pleadings.

Even if a court (judge) has or appears to have subject matter jurisdiction,
subject matter jurisdiction can be lost. Major reason why subject matter
jurisdiction is lost:

*

(1) fraud upon the court, In re Village of Willowbrook, 37 Ill.App.3d 393
(1962)

(2) a judge does not follow statutory procedure, Armstrong v Obucino, 300
Ill 140, 143 (1921),

(3) unlawful activity of a judge or undisclosed conflict of interest. Code
of Judicial Conduct,

(4) violation of due process, Johnson v Zerbst, 304 U.S. 458, 58 S.Ct. 1019
(1938); Pure Oil Co. v City of Northlake, 10 Ill.2d 241, 245, 140 N.E.2d 289
(1956); Hallberg v Goldblatt Bros., 363 Ill 25 (1936),

(5) if the court exceeded its statutory authority, Rosenstiel v Rosenstiel,
278 F.Supp. 794 (S.D.N.Y. 1967),

(6) any acts in violation of 11 U.S.C. 362(a), (the bankruptcy stay) In re
Garcia, 109 B.R. 335   (N.D. Illinois, 1989),

(7) where no justiciable issue is presented to the court through proper
pleadings, Ligon v Williams, 264 Ill.App.3d 701, 637 N.E.2d 633 (1st Dist.
1994),

(8) where a complaint states no cognizable cause of action against that
party, Charles v Gore, 248 Ill.App.3d 441, 618 N.E. 2d 554 (1st Dist 1993),

(9) where any litigant was represented before a court by a person/law firm
that is prohibited by law to practice law in that jurisdiction,

(10) when the judge is involved in a scheme of bribery (the Alemann cases,
Bracey v Warden, U.S. Supreme Court No. 96-6133 (June 9, 1997),

(11) where a summons was not properly issued,

(12) where service of process was not made pursuant to statute and Supreme
Court Rules, Janove v Bacon, 6 Ill.2d 245, 249, 218 N.E.2d 706, 708 (1955),

(13) where the statute is vague, People v Williams, 638 N.E.2d 207 (1st
Dist. 1994),

(14) when proper notice is not given to all parties by the movant, Wilson v.
Moore, 13 Ill.App.3d 632, 301 N.E.2d 39 (1st Dist. 1973),

(15) where an order/judgment is based on a void order/judgment, Austin v.
Smith, 312 F.2d 337, 343 (1962); English v English, 72 Ill.App.3d 736,  393
N.E.2d 18 (1st Dist. 1979), or

(16) where public policy  is violated,  Martin-Tregona v Roderick, 29
Ill.App.3d 553, 331 N.E.2d 100 (1st Dist. 1975).

SUMMARY OF THE LAW OF VOIDS

Before a court (judge) can proceed judicially, jurisdiction must be
complete consisting of two opposing parties (not their attorneys - although
attorneys can enter an appearance on behalf of a party, only the parties can
testify and until the plaintiff testifies the court has no basis upon which
to rule judicially), and the two halves of subject matter jurisdiction = the
statutory or common law authority the action is brought under (the theory of
indemnity) and the testimony of a competent fact witness regarding the
injury (the cause of action). If there is a jurisdictional failing appearing
on the face of the record, the matter is void, subject to vacation with
damages, and can never be time barred.

A question which naturally occurs: "If I vacate avoid judgment, can they
just come back and try the case again?" Answer: A new suit must be filed and
that can only be done if within the statute of limitations.

"Lack of jurisdiction cannot be corrected by an order nunc pro tunc. The
only proper office of a nunc pro tunc order is to correct a mistake in the
records; it cannot be used to rewrite history." E.g., Transamerica Ins. Co.
v. South, 975 F.2d 321, 325-26 (7th Cir. 1992); United States v. Daniels,
902 F.2d 1238, 1240 (7th Cir. 1990); King v. Ionization Int'l, Inc., 825
F.2d 1180, 1188 (7th Cir. 1987). And Central Laborer's Pension and Annuity
Funds v. Griffee, 198 F.3d 642, 644(7th cir. 1999).

The number of  void judgments on the books in America's courthouses is so
great, there is no practical way to estimate how there are. IF EVERY VOID
JUDGMENT WAS VACATED WITH DAMAGES, IT WOULD REPRESENT THE GREATEST SHIFT IN
MATERIAL WEALTH IN THE HISTORY OF THE WORLD!

image001.jpg
1K Download
 
 
 
 
