 
  eng-NG-31-110071-9033578  
  USENET TEXT  
  2007-08-24T21:44:00  
 
 
fluoride in water systems may cause infants to grow up with teeth that appear damaged
 
 
 
  callemity <callam...@gmail.com>  
  2007-08-24T21:44:00  
Plans to increase the fluoride in Southern California water systems may have
negative effects on the development of infants' teeth when fed with formula.
The American Dental Association has warned that increased amounts of
fluoride in water systems may cause infants to grow up with teeth that
appear damaged.

• The ADA states that fluoride is important, but too much can cause dental
fluorosis to the enamel of infants' not-yet-developed teeth.

• Dental fluorosis affects the appearance of teeth, causing them to yellow
or develop white spots. It also can cause the pitting or mottling of enamel
.

• The group recommends breastfeeding infants to keep them away from water
while their teeth develop.

• If using a formula mix, the ADA recommends using *low- or non-fluoridated
water* as the liquid mixer.

(more…) < http://elequity.com/?p=1398#more-1398 >

 

More good news for Australia's wheat farmers as they watch their fields and
wonder if dry weather in some states will once again cut production for the
second year in a row.

The harvest reached around 9.9 million tonnes last year because of the
drought and is now on track for a crop of just over 22 million tonnes, if
there's solid spring rains in growing areas, especially Western Australia.

World wheat prices have been booming in recent months but the rise in the
Australian dollar since January has cut those gains.

But last week AWB said the 2007-2008 wheat pool price had been raised by $30
a tonne, thanks to the easing in the dollar and the still strong prices.

Last night world wheat prices rose even higher on the most important
commodities grain market in the world, the Chicago Board of Trade, after
Canada chopped its forecast for this year's harvest to 20.32 million tonnes,
a fall of almost 20% on last year's harvest.
(more…) < http://elequity.com/?p=1399#more-1399 >
 
 
 
 
