 
  eng-NG-31-140119-9863018  
  USENET TEXT  
  2008-02-25T13:01:00  
 
 
MCFC fan rants at Everton FC and their bitterness over the mighty LIVERPOOL FC
 
 
 
  scoopex <scoo...@scoopex.co.uk>  
  2008-02-25T13:01:00  
Everton Infested with Bitters........they start on Kipper, and when they
'grow up' arf...they come on here obsessing about Liverpool FC, angry at
growing up, not seeing NEVERton drive an open topped bus down Queens
Drive with some Silver, so they live to deride the Mighty REDS....a
Liverpool loss is an everton victory...even if they've lost
themselves.......tonight, the slide starts at City...this team will run
you ragged......

POST OF THE WEEK TBH.

*waits*

lmfao. :)
 
 
  ZAL <zal434...@hotmail.com>  
  2008-02-25T13:32:00  
 

You wonder why the are so *bitter* scoopex, but you have to remember
that the likes of Bernie Bottler have had to grow up under the greatness
of Liverpool. Its starts when they are children and they are ripped by
their mates for being the only cunt stupid enough to wear blue. Every
Liverpool honor won is another dose of *bitterness* to add to their
personality. Even during our shit period over the last 15 years, we have
won more trophy's than these mongs could only dream off.

What really sent them over the edge though, was our great CL victory.
The little bitter twats put their blue shitty football tops on at half
time, and went to the local pubs and bars to try to rip the Liverpool
supporters that had not gone to Istanbul. How wrong they were, the
pricks had to sit there in the pub and watch our magnificent victory.
For some of the poor sods it was to much, and they topped themselves.
For the ones that survived they were broken men.

Let them rot in their own bitterness, they are nothing to us anymore.
Soon we will kick them out of our city as well.

Horrible Pikey bitter twats, almost as bad as the Mancs.

lol :-)
 
 
  "Janet Talia" <jta...@yahoo.com>  
  2008-02-25T15:25:00  
 

news:WQDwj.287111$m_6.19510@fe01.news.easynews.com ...

 

Yep. Someone's bitter alright...
 
 
  Roo <r...@britneyspearspenis.com>  
  2008-02-25T15:37:00  
 

Is it because he has had too much crispy duck?

http://snipurl.com/20e0h

BlueRoo
 
 
  ZAL <zal434...@hotmail.com>  
  2008-02-25T15:41:00  
 

still stalking me roo?

lol :-)
 
 
  scoopex <scoo...@scoopex.co.uk>  
  2008-02-25T15:55:00  
 

Ask blupoo aka *scott* about his drug taking problems.

lol. :)
 
 
  ZAL <zal434...@hotmail.com>  
  2008-02-25T15:57:00  
 

these bitters all all smackheads tbh :-)
 
 
  scoopex <scoo...@scoopex.co.uk>  
  2008-02-25T16:07:00  
 

reply of the week.

lol. :)
 
 
  "True Blue" <hea...@topbalcony.com>  
  2008-02-25T17:20:00  
 

ZAL  & Poopex  , Eh ??!

Must be the strangest  pair-of-tits  EVER viewed on a NON-binary newsgroup.

Even wierder than those con-joined cnuts Poo & Eyan-the-spacker.
 
 
  "True Blue" <hea...@topbalcony.com>  
  2008-02-25T17:25:00  
 

Yep.  Ya right Poopy, boy.   We were well beaten tonight.
 
 
  ZAL <zal434...@hotmail.com>  
  2008-02-25T17:47:00  
 

lol :-)
 
 
  "Eyan The Mackem \(oo\)" <hea...@googlemail.com>  
  2008-02-25T22:59:00  
 

news:8bHwj.359209$KG4.151021@fe09.news.easynews.com ...

 

Wahey

Run Forrest Run
 
 
  "Janet Talia" <jta...@yahoo.com>  
  2008-02-26T03:45:00  
 

news:62gp07F23eh10U1@mid.individual.net ...

 

Sycophant of the year...
 
 
 
 
