 
  eng-NG-31-109034-9007191  
  USENET TEXT  
  2007-08-22T19:46:00  
 
 
WI Tommy Douglas killed in Battle of Hong Kong, Dec. 1941?
 
 
 
  Stan Boleslawski <boleslaw...@forpresident.com>  
  2007-08-22T19:46:00  
"After the outbreak of World War II, Douglas enlisted in the wartime
Canadian Army. He had volunteered for overseas service and was on a
draft of men headed for the Winnipeg Grenadiers when a medical
examination turned up leg problems. Douglas stayed in Canada and the
Grenadiers headed for Hong Kong. But for that ailment, he would have
been with the regiment when its members were killed or captured at
Hong Kong in December 1941"

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tommy_Douglas

POD: Canadian military doctors never find Douglas' leg ailment and he
gets
shipped off to HK, getting killed like so many other Grenadiers.
Effects? Is the CCF able to take power in Saskatchewan in a TL without
Douglas? Are the CCF as strong throughout western Canada in TTL? Does
Canada get national health
insurance before the US in TTL?

All responses welcome, but especially I'd like to hear from Lyle
"Horny Goat" Craver on this one. Canadian politics in the mid 20th
century could be quite
different in a TL without Douglas.

Best,
Stan B.
 
 
  The Horny Goat <lcra...@home.ca>  
  2007-08-22T21:36:00  
On Wed, 22 Aug 2007 17:46:23 -0700, Stan Boleslawski

 

This is really weird - I wrote my reaction about 4 hours ago - and
suggested several other ways to remove Douglas from the scene and
wrote a mini-scenario taking Canada through the end of the 70s without
Douglas. What I failed to mention is that besides medicare (which
Douglas is best known for) he also presided over the electrification
of rural Saskatchewan which would have happened eventually but
happened on his watch so thousands of Saskatchewan farmers (including
my wife's grandparents) fondly remember Douglas for that reason alone.
Whoever was premier of Saskatchewan at that time would have gotten the
credit - maybe John Diefenbaker as premier of Saskatchewan? Douglas
was first elected in 1935 while Dief was first elected in 1940 after
15 years as an unsuccessful candidate. Â Dief DID run twice
unsuccessfully for (national) Conservative party leader.

What I'd like to do is determine how many other sitting Members of
Parliament volunteered for active duty overseas 1939-45 but am not
sure where to look. Would someone have an idea of where to look? (Mr.
Tenner?)

One thing I did find while researching this was that in 1926
Diefenbaker lost Prince Albert in a two-way straight up vote to
Mackenzie King. It was 8993 - 4838 so it wasn't that close.
http://www.parl.gc.ca/information/about/process/house/hfer/hfer.asp?L...

I'm trying to figure out a way that Dief could have won that year but
even without the massive negative impact that the Ku Klux Klan's
"support" caused in his campaign, a 31 year old nearly rookie
candidate (he ran in 1925) would have a VERY rough go running one on
one vs. the Opposition Leader in a minority government who was
considered the favorite to become Prime Minister.

If anyone can come up with a scenario for a Diefenbaker victory in
1926 I'd be interested since it would have HUGE ripple effects even
larger than removing Tommy Douglas from the scene!

Finally, the subject is a bit of a misnomer since to produce the
effects discussed it is merely necessary to have him taken prisoner.
Given the survival rate of Canadians in Japanese captivity (and nearly
all the Canadian POWs in Japanese hands WERE Winnipeg Grenadiers taken
at Hong Kong) the point may have been moot. Even if Douglas survives
Japanese captivity and is released in 1945 someone else becomes
premier of Saskatchewan in 1944 and may or may not get the credit for
medicare and electrification. While the voters of Saskatchewan might
well have re-elected an MP known to be alive but in Japanese captivity
in June 1945 I can't imagine them electing an absentee Premier.

Given OTL Douglas won 47 of 52 seats it seems probable he is not the
only CCF leader who potentially could have won in 1944. I don't know
nearly enough about Saskatchewan politics to guess who would have been
the most likely CCF leader without Douglas but I see from the Wiki
list there were only 6 CCF incumbents reelected in 1944. About the
ONLY name I recognize from Wiki's riding by riding list is WS Lloyd
(who eventually succeeded Douglas in 1961 when Douglas went to Ottawa)
but he was first elected in 1944 so was unlikely to be chosen as
leader.

(Source: Wiki 'Saskatchewan election 1944' - I used it strictly for
electoral stats - any conclusions are my own)
 
 
 
 
