 
  eng-NG-31-126961-9174085  
  USENET TEXT  
  2007-10-27T23:27:00  
 
 
KC-KV weekend
 
 
 
  My Land of Misery <gr...@netzero.net>  
  2007-10-27T23:27:00  
I just returned from a weekend trip to Kirksville for the Truman State
University homecoming, with my 20-year class reunion there (TSU won by
3 in OT).  Here are some construction notes.

Last night: to Milan via Gallatin usual route).  MO 6 had a short
stretch in Gallatin (just east of jct. MO 13 south) down to one lane
for concrete pavement repair.  The bridge replacement/road realignment
project east of Gallatin is progressing well; all bridges are in place
and paving has started.  Looks like it will be asphalt.  At the west
end of the project a temporary serpentine is in place to allow the
crews to tie in the new road with the existing one.

Today, after the game: headed back to KC via Macon.  Shot a couple of
videos along US 63 to get the two projects between Kirksville and
Macon.  The 4-laning project near Kirksville is nearly complete with
just a few yards of concrete left to place at the north end of the
project.  The project near Macon is nearly ready to open.
Configuration will be 4-lane divided to the curve just south of route
DD, then 4-lane undivided to about the Macon city limit, then 3-lane
(one per direction plus left-turn) to just north of US 36.  Not sure
what to expect of SL, but my guess is 60 from MO 6 east to MO 11
south, then 70 to route DD, then 55 to the 3-lane section, then 45 to
US 36.

The US 36 resurfacing project between Brookfield and Chillicothe is
nearly complete.  The WB lanes are ready except for placing the center
striping.  It was too dark by the time I reached US 36 to see the
status of the EB lanes, but I did see one stretch near Wheeling that
has EB traffic reduced to one lane.
 
 
 
 
